EN-Sentence	ENMR-CS
or the relative risk of drugs	or the relative risk औषधांचा 
gail, are you drunk?	gail , are you drunk ? 
be careful.	be careful . 
last withdrawal was five days ago.	last withdrawal was पाच दिवसांपूर्वी . 
unless i kill myself and complete your story.	unless i kill myself and तुमची कथा पूर्ण करा . 
in crossborder crime?	in क्रॉसबॉर्डर गुन्हा ? 
let's connect the public to this activity right on their iphone.	let च्या आयफोनवरच या क्रियाकलापाशी जनतेला जोडले आहे . 
then, if you want, you can follow me.	then , आपण इच्छित असल्यास , you can follow me . 
i don't care about the reasons.	i do n't care कारणांबद्दल . 
yeah, i promise!	yeah , i promise ! 
dynamite, tnt, mercury fulminate.	dynamite , टीएनटी, mercury fulminate . 
we're going to sell the house! everyone is rattled.	we 're going घर विकण्यासाठी ! everyone is rattled . 
we're done.	we 're done . 
now that you have your phone out	now की तुमचा फोन बाहेर आहे 
don't you do it! don't you fucking do it!	do n't you do it ! तू संभोग करू नकोस do it ! 
who are regularly forced by family court judges	who are regularly forced कौटुंबिक न्यायालयाच्या न्यायाधीशांद्वारे 
and of course, there's still the planning to do.	and of course , there 's still करण्याचे नियोजन . 
no, of course. no matter. no.	no , of अभ्यासक्रम . no matter . no . 
and when the exterminators take you away... you never come back!	and जेव्हा संहारक तुम्हाला घेऊन जातात ... you never come back ! 
that is our ...	that is our ... 
you still thinking retrovirus?	you still thinking रेट्रोव्हायरस ? 
yuri? yuri!	yuri ? yuri ! 
i want to get a girlfriend somehow before christmas.	i want ख्रिसमसच्या आधी कशीतरी मैत्रीण मिळवण्यासाठी . 
you've been at the bottom of a bottle for four years.	you 've been चार वर्षांसाठी बाटलीच्या तळाशी . 
legoprovided cad program isn't enough	lego प्रदान cad कार्यक्रम is n't enough 
it's an act of therapy.	it 's थेरपीची एक कृती . 
there's no audience in the theater. look, it's totally empty.	there 's थिएटरमध्ये प्रेक्षक नाहीत . look , it 's पूर्णपणे रिकामे . 
are there any general conclusions that arise?	are there उद्भवणारे कोणतेही सामान्य निष्कर्ष ? 
what? is something in my teeth? oh, no!	what? is माझ्या दातांमध्ये काहीतरी ? oh , नाही ! 
in order so that the bird could properly be wrapped ...	क्रमाने so that the bird could properly be wrapped ... 
and again this video was taken right after my daughter was born	and again this video was taken माझ्या मुलीच्या जन्मानंतर लगेच 
i suppose old mother trentham... will have her begging bowl out while she's here.	i suppose old mother trentham ... ती येथे असताना तिची भीक मागण्याची वाटी असेल . 
i don't have the confidence to fight the company.	i do n't have कंपनीशी लढण्याचा आत्मविश्वास . 
why not?	why not ? 
not the flowers of yesterday	not the flowers कालचा 
recently, fake blood looks real.	recently , बनावट रक्त looks real . 
don't move. ii can explain.	do n't move . ii can explain . 
what? no, not jacob like the name	what ? no , not jacob नावाप्रमाणे 
strange. and what about the whole...	strange . and what about संपूर्ण ... 
chrome...	chrome ... 
well, the verdict hasn't been read yet, so technically, it's still on.	बरं, निकाल अजून वाचलेला नाही, so technically , it 's still on . 
metrics provides more numerical views on the data.	metrics provides डेटावर अधिक संख्यात्मक दृश्ये . 
we can go.	we can go . 
i stayed on course. they must have it on the move again.	i stayed अर्थातच . they must have it हलवा वर again . 
victor tellegio's people, who run resorts international...	victor tellegio's people , जे आंतरराष्ट्रीय रिसॉर्ट चालवतात ... 
oh, you feel protective of her, don't you?	अरे, तुला तिचे संरक्षण वाटते , do n't you ? 
i think we may have misread this situation.	i think आपण या परिस्थितीचे चुकीचे आकलन केले असावे . 
can only the rich	can only the rich
miyukisensei's not in	miyukisensei 's not in 
what does not mean protective clothing! it is over if you go to bushsuri.	what does not mean संरक्षणात्मक कपडे ! it is over जर तुम्ही बुशसुरीला गेलात तर . 
together!	together ! 
tsukishiro and hakuren are both rukia's attacks.	tsukishiro and hakuren are रुकियाचे दोन्ही हल्ले . 
he couldn't get us right the first time, edith?	he could n't get us right पहिल्यावेळी, edith ? 
because the chinese government wanted to figure out	because चीनी सरकार wanted to figure out 
well, you should start now.	well , you should start now . 
a killer?	a killer ? 
this is an oasis for the fathers, okay!	हे वडिलांसाठी एक ओएसिस आहे , okay ! 
m.h. m.h. m.h...	mhmh m.h ... 
it actually uses its tail too	it actually uses त्याची शेपटी too 
goku! what should i do?!	goku ! what should i do ? ! 
oh, no worries.	oh , no worries . 
watch tv or something.	watch टीव्ही किंवा काहीतरी . 
of this philosophy.	of हे तत्वज्ञान . 
who knows?	who knows ? 
you know, there's actually a warehouse just up here.	you know , there 's actually इथेच वर एक गोदाम आहे . 
so you quit school and quit looking for work and decided to become a chef.	so you quit school and quit looking for work and शेफ बनण्याचा निर्णय घेतला . 
yeah, like 53 years.	yeah , जसे 53 वर्षे . 
yeah. yeah, maybe.	yeah . yeah , maybe . 
i did.	i did . 
can i ask something else?	can i ask काहीतरी ? 
man, times are sure changing.	man , वेळा आहेत sure changing . 
that was...	that was ... 
what was with those sweaters?	what was त्या स्वेटरसह ? 
this body to the earth	this body पृथ्वीला 
you be careful, okay?	तुम्ही सावध रहा , okay ? 
this is an illusion, and even though	this is एक भ्रम , and even though 
well that fundamental sense of oneness	well that fundamental sense एकतेचा 
what are you talking about?!	are you talking त्याबद्दल काय ? ! 
i can't take this.	i ca n't take this . 
that they get found out instead.	that they get found out instead . 
who's a fish?	who 's एक मासा ? 
get those vehicles out of the way!	get those vehicles रस्ता सोडून ! 
makochan and rabikun's drawing course	makochan and राबिकुनचा रेखाचित्र अभ्यासक्रम 
please give him good luck. okay, thanks.	please give him शुभेच्छा . okay , धन्यवाद . 
what's what?	what 's what ? 
well, come in.	well , come in . 
you don't look any worse for wear after your showdown with vega.	you do n't look any worse for wear वेगा सह आपल्या शोडाउन नंतर . 
i don't know. talkin' about makin' the maze a protected zone.	i do n't know . talkin ' चक्रव्यूह एक संरक्षित क्षेत्र बनविण्याबद्दल . 
yes, sir. hey.	yes , सर . hey . 
what kind of planning?	what kind नियोजन ? 
if i find something, i'll contact you.	मला काही सापडले तर , i 'll contact you . 
if we can build more function	if we can build अधिक कार्य 
i mean...	i mean ... 
i'm amazed you didn't notice.	i 'm तुमच्या लक्षात न आल्याने आश्चर्यचकित झाले . 
space and time, which is so much more accessible to us?	space and time , जे आमच्यासाठी खूप जास्त प्रवेशयोग्य आहे ? 
stevie, code seven, gold dust.	stevie , कोड सात, gold dust . 
oh, is that so. ah!	oh , is that so . ah ! 
people dropping to the ground.	people जमिनीवर पडणे . 
you must be looking at me as a pitiful guy.	you must be looking at me एक दयनीय माणूस म्हणून . 
i missed god's pr esence.	i missed देवाची उपस्थिती . 
and there is a fierce upward mobility in their very nature.	and there is त्यांच्या स्वभावात एक भयंकर ऊर्ध्वगामी गतिशीलता . 
and i look at a beautiful bowl of fruit	and i look फळांच्या एका सुंदर वाटीत 
the following year, i bore my first child...	पुढील वर्षी , i bore my first child ... 
what do we do?	what do we do ? 
so he was smart.	so he was smart . 
who are you? walt and laura bishop, their daughter's the missing girl.	who are you ? walt and laura bishop, त्यांची मुलगी हरवलेली मुलगी आहे . 
yes, call me back and let me know you're okay.	yes , call me back and मला कळवा तू ठीक आहेस . 
you cannot do anything against the power that	you can not do anything शक्ती विरुद्ध that 
did you never think it strange?	did you never think ते विचित्र ? 
is that all right with you?	is that तुझ्याबरोबर ठीक आहे ? 
so they're not a donation.	so they 're not देणगी . 
that safe has a sixnumber wheel pack with a doubleaction fence.	that safe has दुहेरी क्रिया कुंपण सह सहा नंबर चाक पॅक . 
sure i'm affected.	sure मी प्रभावित आहे . 
a skillful lawyer a presiding judge who fears false charges	a skillful lawyer एक अध्यक्षीय न्यायाधीश ज्याला खोट्या आरोपांची भीती वाटते 
welcome back. guess what, trunks.	welcome back . guess काय, खोड . 
he knows now. drive, finch.	he knows now . drive , फिंच . 
leave it to the old master of sales.	leave it विक्रीच्या जुन्या मास्टरकडे . 
watch and learn	watch and learn 
he disappeared.	he disappeared . 
that encounter will be in a good place	that encounter will be चांगल्या ठिकाणी 
you are a good soldier, tup. it's time to go now.	you are एक चांगला सैनिक, तुप . it 's आता जाण्याची वेळ . 
we need to start the sodra immediately.	we need सोडा ताबडतोब सुरू करण्यासाठी . 
takes quite this approach	takes अगदी हा दृष्टिकोन 
god medallion court of arms !	god medallion court शस्त्रे ! 
yes, we can avenge them.	yes , we can avenge them . 
this jazz killer	this जाझ killer
long, long ago...	long , long ago ... 
i don't know. evelyn doesn't let me have any food that's not vegan.	i do n't know . evelyn does n't let माझ्याकडे शाकाहारी नसलेले कोणतेही अन्न आहे . 
someone will always be by my side.	someone will always be माझ्या शेजारी . 
our lives are not our own, from womb to tomb, we're bound to others.	गर्भापासून थडग्यापर्यंत आपले जीवन आपले नसते , we 're bound to others . 
when i was your boss at rio bravo, i had your back.	जेव्हा मी रिओ ब्राव्होमध्ये तुझा बॉस होतो , i had your back . 
it'll play. that's good stuff.	it 'll play . that 's चांगली वस्तू . 
what do we do?	what do we do ? 
ah! what? excuse me. you know me	ah ! what ? excuse me . you know me 
the judge will never let it get past that	the judge will never let ते गेले that 
and they put in the computer technology	and they put in संगणक तंत्रज्ञान 
do you think you can do that attorney work?	do you think तुम्ही वकिलाचे काम करू शकता ? 
they intend to go straight through the forest.	they intend थेट जंगलातून जाण्यासाठी . 
just get the fertilizer, thomas.	just get खत, थॉमस . 
but you know what?	but you know what ? 
no. really.	नाही really . 
oh well, it's probably just coincidence.	oh well , it 's probably फक्त योगायोग . 
environment is important.	वातावरण is important . 
it will be easier to explain after i show you this.	it will be मी तुम्हाला हे दाखवल्यानंतर स्पष्ट करणे सोपे होईल . 
regrettably, complete purification has yet to be confirmed.	regrettably , complete purification has yet निश्चिती करणे . 
hide and seek.	hide and seek . 
stop! my child is...	stop ! माझे मूल is ... 
they've never met him.	they 've never met him . 
you gave me fucking keys.	you gave me संभोग कळा . 
love...	love ... 
hiding in the forests	hiding जंगलात 
unicorn!	unicorn ! 
you can rule the north in his name.	you can rule the north त्याच्या नावाने . 
what's wrong?	what 's wrong ? 
you can't imagine how much detail we know about brains.	you ca n't imagine आपल्याला मेंदूबद्दल किती तपशील माहित आहे . 
when 100 million sperm swim for 72 hours and...	when 100 million sperm swim 72 तासांसाठी and ... 
tsukuda kohei is now a respectable company president	tsukuda kohei is now एक आदरणीय कंपनी अध्यक्ष 
okay, let's cut some cake.	okay , let केक कापला आहे . 
and it would be possible to have nationwide satellite radio	and it would be possible to have देशव्यापी उपग्रह रेडिओ 
why don't you just tell me?	why do n't you just tell me ? 
yeah. this is a custom version of a terahertz frequency transponder and limiter.	yeah . this is टेराहर्ट्झ फ्रिक्वेंसी ट्रान्सपॉन्डर आणि लिमिटरची सानुकूल आवृत्ती . 
i've been walking the mystic path	i 've been walking गूढ मार्ग 
but i did say a really bad word to him	but i did say खरोखर वाईट शब्द to him 
jirousan. can you help me look for niichan for the time being?	jirousan . can you help मी सध्या निचान शोधत आहे ? 
i barely survived.	i barely survived . 
daikansama, it's show time.	daikansama , it 's खेळाची वेळ . 
ok, for interviewing, like this	ok , मुलाखतीसाठी, याप्रमाणे 
but right now...	but right now ... 
to help save these birds.	to help या पक्ष्यांना वाचवा . 
but it's not too late.	but it 's not खूप उशीर . 
i know you will.	i know तू करशील . 
mom must be crazy... even if i need money...	आई must be crazy ... even if i need पैसे ... 
you should go to work with me too.	you should go माझ्यासोबत काम करण्यासाठी too . 
and he poignantly commented	and he poignantly commented
eva! eva!	eva ! eva ! 
davis, cross him. flank right! flank right!	डेव्हिस cross him . flank right ! flank right ! 
are you there, sir?	are you there , सर ? 
to get the boxes onto the ship.	to get the boxes जहाजावर . 
i repeat... emergency evacuation, the president is under attack.	मी पुन्हा सांगतो... आपत्कालीन स्थलांतर , the president is under attack . 
oh, you tell me, or i'll have some ninth ward prison queen wearing your face for a condom.	oh , you tell me , or माझ्याकडे नवव्या वॉर्डची तुरुंगातील राणी कंडोमसाठी तुझा चेहरा घेईल. 
steven is always trying to hide money.	steven is always trying पैसे लपवण्यासाठी . 
absolutely not.	absolutely not . 
you turn fading belief into light	you turn ढासळणारा विश्वास into light 
you can tell a lot about somebody, looking him in the eye	you can tell a lot about somebody , त्याच्या डोळ्यात पाहत आहे 
so how we gonna do this?	so we gon हे कसे करायचे ? 
i know the queen will approve when i want you	i know मला पाहिजे तेव्हा राणी मंजूर करेल you
was the guy a monk?	was मुलगा a monk ? 
take it to liberty island, to what i believe you call the bridge...	take it to liberty island , तुम्ही ज्याला ब्रिज म्हणता त्यावर माझा विश्वास आहे ... 
and by the time i had spent half an hour talking about play	and वेळेनुसार i had spent half an hour talking about play 
this some kind of glitch in the machine?	this some kind of glitch मशीन मध्ये ? 
i see them.	i see them . 
bathroom. kitchen. fish.	bathroom . kitchen . fish . 
participating in the 3legged race with the homeroom teacher doesn't look nice.	होमरूम शिक्षकासह 3 पायांच्या शर्यतीत भाग घेणे does n't look nice . 
very grownup.	very grownup . 
bring me the first branch your shoulder brushes on your journey.	bring me तुमच्या प्रवासात तुमची खांद्याची पहिली फांदी . 
throw him in isolation. access granted.	throw him अलगीकरणामध्ये . access मंजूर. 
it is no one's fault.	it is दोष कोणाचा नाही . 
what is it?	what is it ? 
jacques is your lover?	jacques is तुझा प्रेमी ? 
that's one of the clichs of fortune telling.	that 's भविष्य सांगण्याच्या क्लिचपैकी एक . 
don't see the wall.	do n't see भिंत . 
what is it?	what is it ? 
and enduring	and enduring
i think it's going to rain.	i think पाऊस पडणार आहे . 
i mean, you can certainly drive	म्हणजे , you can certainly drive
then are you really breaking with him?	then are you really breaking त्याच्या बरोबर ? 
grigori knew that i had loaned leo money.	grigori knew की मी लिओला पैसे कर्ज दिले होते . 
wrecking ball was going on about	wrecking चेंडू was going on about 
killed why did she tell them to do it in the	killed why did she tell them मध्ये ते करण्यासाठी 
on the other hand	on दुसरा हात 
reload. reload. reload.	reload . reload . reload . 
and now here we are.	and now here we are . 
congratulations.	congratulations . 
what happened?	what happened ? 
when your attention moves on to something else.	when your attention moves on दुसऱ्या कशासाठी . 
we give the u.n. security council 24 hours	we give संयुक्त राष्ट्र सुरक्षा परिषद 24 hours 
so, you see that this airplane is more a symbol.	so , you see की हे विमान अधिक प्रतीक आहे . 
somebody robbed a bank.	somebody robbed बँक . 
king stannis is my god.	राजा स्टॅनिस is my god . 
and everybody had stopped again	and everybody had stopped again 
thank you for asking.	thank you विचारल्याबद्दल . 
so before a male can insert his penis into a female's vagina	so before a male can insert his penis स्त्रीच्या योनीमध्ये 
he's gonna be roped in dope for the foreseeable future.	he 's gon नजीकच्या भविष्यासाठी डोपमध्ये अडकणार नाही . 
not with thisa on.	not with हे एक on . 
with a drill.	with एक ड्रिल . 
no, nothing. i'm gonna miss this thing.	no , nothing . i 'm gon ही गोष्ट चुकवत नाही . 
if you are the rider, call your beast inside.	आपण स्वार असल्यास , call your beast inside . 
what's the meaning of this?	what 's याचा अर्थ ? 
where in l.a.?	where in l.a . ? 
you can stop.	you can stop . 
excuse me, i'm maiko ebina from the headquarters we don't need outsiders	excuse me , i 'm मुख्यालयातून मायको एबिना we don't need outsiders 
this is a stalker.	this is एक शिकारी . 
it feels really good.	it feels खरोखर चांगले . 
i keep telling you, i can't help it!	i keep telling you , मी मदत करू शकत नाही! 
what's wrong?	what 's wrong ? 
black and cute.	black and cute . 
isn't that the spirit of our little troupe?	is n't that आमच्या लहान मंडळाचा आत्मा ? 
the one the fbi would say doesn't exist.	the one एफबीआय म्हणेल अस्तित्वात नाही . 
no, we're just looking into former associates of his.	no , we 're just looking त्याच्या माजी सहकाऱ्यांमध्ये . 
so she scolds them for wanting to stay here.	so she scolds them इथे राहायचे आहे म्हणून . 
perfect timing, dear.	perfect timing , dear . 
you don't seem very afraid.	you do n't seem खूप घाबरतो . 
and we had to do this in a cassettebased fashion.	and we had कॅसेट-आधारित फॅशनमध्ये हे करण्यासाठी . 
they shot your son, rocket!	they shot तुझा मुलगा, रॉकेट ! 
eh? you don't have a boyfriend?	eh ? you do n't have प्रियकर ? 
oh...what did you get?	oh ... what did you get ? 
by the way, it's very popular with the kids.	by the way , it 's मुलांमध्ये खूप लोकप्रिय . 
i mean, maybe not class, but...	म्हणजे, maybe not class , but ... 
hassaku festival?	hassaku festival ? 
we have a situation.	we have एक परिस्थिती . 
ambassador spock, you are on a collision course. fire everything!	ambassador spock , you are टक्कर मार्गावर . fire everything ! 
it's viral. it seems to spread under the radar very, very quickly.	it 's viral . it seems रडारच्या खाली पसरणे, खूप लवकर . 
oh, that's right!	oh , that 's right ! 
robert e. lee, john buford at gettysburg.	robert e. lee , गेटिसबर्ग येथे जॉन बुफोर्ड . 
i got serious things to say to you, okay?	मला तुमच्याशी गंभीर गोष्टी सांगायच्या आहेत , okay ? 
excuse me.	excuse me . 
give up, miss bertinelli.	give up , मिस बर्टिनली . 
but he's 86 years old. he's on his way out.	but he 's 86 वर्षांचे . he 's बाहेर पडताना . 
prior to this experience, i had the utmost respect for the law.	prior to this experience , i had कायद्याचा अत्यंत आदर . 
i will live too. you'll see.	i will live too . you 'll see . 
it's the boss.	it 's बॉस . 
what about all the young men and boys	what about सर्व तरुण पुरुष आणि मुले 
my dad.	my dad . 
00, everyone should be out in the courtyard for the lunchtime soccer game.	00 , everyone should be out in the courtyard दुपारच्या जेवणाच्या सॉकर खेळासाठी . 
and i could share that with my family back home in a very natural way	and i could share that माझ्या कुटुंबासह अतिशय नैसर्गिक पद्धतीने घरी परतलो 
developing a sense of style when no one was paying attention.	developing a sense of style जेव्हा कोणी लक्ष देत नव्हते . 
and it's about the questions that you get to ask	and it 's तुम्हाला जे प्रश्न विचारायचे आहेत त्याबद्दल 
he didn't come over like a crazy man.	he did n't come over वेड्यासारखा . 
so, where is yukimura?	so , where is युकिमुरा ? 
mm. i don't like fish.	mm . i do n't like मासे . 
and i was really trying to go flatter and flatter.	and i was really trying खुशामत करणे आणि खुशामत करणे . 
that's why his body reacted in the way that it did.	that 's त्याच्या शरीराने त्याप्रमाणे प्रतिक्रिया का दिली . 
is not there something you want to say?	is not there तुम्हाला काहीतरी सांगायचे आहे ? 
this symbol is a map of the old subway tunnel system.	this symbol is जुन्या भुयारी मार्ग बोगदा प्रणालीचा नकाशा . 
consistent with a lefthanded suicide.	consistent डाव्या हाताने आत्महत्या करून . 
president! i will 'bangbang' away...	president ! i will ' bangbang ' away ... 
i have no choice. i'm going to do it. do what?	i have पर्याय नाही . i 'm going ते करण्यासाठी . do what ? 
yeah, fat amy.	yeah , फॅट एमी . 
does he have savings?	does he have बचत ? 
and the urgent need that we have, that we all feel today	and the urgent need that we have , जे आज आपल्या सर्वांना जाणवत आहे 
but when i introduced a new character, he...	but जेव्हा मी एक नवीन पात्र ओळखले, he ... 
but first, let's welcome our lovely, beautiful and charming	but first , let आमचे सुंदर, सुंदर आणि मोहक स्वागत आहे 
there is something strange about that sop sign.	there is त्या sop चिन्हाबद्दल काहीतरी विचित्र . 
this is not accurate, but it did happen to tony blair	this is not accurate , but टोनी ब्लेअरच्या बाबतीत असे घडले 
in our company.	in आमची कंपनी . 
he was holding her.	he was holding her . 
but i don't think that we were that way initially.	but i do n't think की आम्ही सुरुवातीला असेच होतो . 
in a way which surprised the world.	in एक मार्ग ज्याने जगाला आश्चर्यचकित केले . 
let go!	let go ! 
freeze! drop the gun.	freeze ! drop बंदूक . 
it's alright, phil! it's alright!	it 's alright , phil ! it 's alright ! 
these things occurred in my life	these things occurred माझ्या आयुष्यात 
because these countries had vaccines and antibiotics	because these countries had लस आणि प्रतिजैविक 
$1,500.	$ 1,500 . 
this isn't good.	this is n't good . 
done that. met you.	done that . met you . 
hehehe! wait!	hehehe ! wait ! 
dont loiter in the middle of the street.	do nt loiter रस्त्याच्या मध्यभागी . 
are we guilty, as chimamanda adichie reminded us	are we guilty , चिमामंदा आदिचीने आम्हाला आठवण करून दिली 
i am the head usher.	i am डोके usher . 
boy a, misaki fumiya. he's not in prison?	boy a , misaki fumiya . he 's not तुरुंगात ? 
i have noticed a difference in my siblings.	i have noticed माझ्या भावंडांमध्ये फरक आहे . 
is he gone?	is he gone ? 
finally found you...	finally found you ... 
are you really laughing?	are you really laughing ? 
he's got to be kidding.	he 's got मस्करी करणे . 
why not give the littlest guy the biggest shot?	why not give सर्वात लहान माणूस the biggest shot ? 
you think i wanna escape from this?	you think मला यातून सुटायचे आहे ? 
divert the octopi away from their posts.	divert the octopi त्यांच्या पदांपासून दूर . 
he's sweet.	he 's sweet . 
it's me.	it 's me . 
so it would seem.	so it would seem . 
there's, of course, a lot of very simple sentences on the web.	there 's , of course , वेबवर बरीच साधी वाक्ये . 
isn't it lame? this town will	is n't it lame ? हे शहर will
an asset is the embodiment of an entre's future.	an asset is प्रवेशाच्या भविष्याचे मूर्त स्वरूप . 
just make money, give the profits to charities.	just make money , नफा धर्मादाय संस्थांना द्या . 
i see. then	i see . then
can i help you?	can i help you ? 
you promised you wouldn't hit on me.	you promised तू मला मारणार नाहीस . 
and i've very rarely played	and i 've फार क्वचितच played
gogogogo. go!	gogogogo . go ! 
i talked to herek's people. you and michael attend the rally as fbi.	i talked हेरेकच्या लोकांसाठी . you and michael attend एफबीआय म्हणून रॅली . 
have you been tested?	have you been tested ? 
you can feel the sun going down on it right here.	you can feel सूर्य इथेच अस्ताला जात आहे . 
whether it had gotten worse this time around in this recession.	whether it had gotten worse this time around या मंदी मध्ये . 
when dr gideon began to suspect he was being pushed...	when dr gideon began त्याला ढकलले जात असल्याचा संशय ... 
this is more or less china, u.s., canada and brazil all together	this is कमी-अधिक प्रमाणात चीन, अमेरिका, कॅनडा आणि ब्राझील सर्व एकत्र 
i feel that your father saved me.	i feel की तुझ्या वडिलांनी मला वाचवले . 
you wanna hear this or not? yeah, yeah, go.	you wanna hear this or not ? yeah , होय, go . 
it was as though time had stopped.	it was जणू वेळ थांबली होती . 
a complete monopoly on brca testing in the united states.	a complete monopoly युनायटेड स्टेट्समध्ये बीआरसीए चाचणीवर . 
i am sorry to have brought you out	i am तुम्हाला बाहेर आणल्याबद्दल क्षमस्व 
how stupid!	how stupid ! 
looky, looky.	दिसायला looky . 
this is the world of your delusions.	this is तुमच्या भ्रमाचे जग . 
it was written in the stars.	it was written ताऱ्यांमध्ये . 
okay, it was monty. i swear. he's unleashed, okay?	okay , it was monty . i swear . तो सोडला आहे , okay ? 
and roots and shoots is a program for hope.	and roots and shoots is आशा साठी एक कार्यक्रम . 
let me out of here!	let me इथून बाहेर ! 
the christians slaters.	ख्रिश्चन slaters . 
ground selfdefence force area is called a garrison air and maritime selfdefence force area is called a base	ground selfdefence force area is called a garrison air and सागरी सेल्फ डिफेन्स फोर्स एरियाला बेस म्हणतात 
i don't know anything about that.	i do n't know त्याबद्दल काहीही . 
i'm very irritated right now.	i 'm खूप चिडचिड right now . 
it's about the revival of the family.	it 's कुटुंबाच्या पुनरुज्जीवन बद्दल . 
you said it was nice to meet me.	you said मला भेटून आनंद झाला . 
every time i looked at my new appearance i was reminded of that bastard that ruined my life.	प्रत्येक वेळी मी माझे नवीन रूप पाहिले i was reminded of that bastard that ruined my life . 
one will put a black bag over your head, and the other will ziptie your wrists.	one will put a black bag over your head , and दुसरा तुमचे मनगट झिप्ट करेल. 
she's got a grenade. she's got an rkg russian grenade she just handed to the kid.	she 's got एक ग्रेनेड . she 's got एक आरकेजी रशियन ग्रेनेड तिने नुकतेच मुलाला दिले . 
will you shut up? shut...	will you shut up ? shut ... 
i love that. she's taking me to cooperstown on sunday.	i love that . she 's taking me cooperstown ला on sunday . 
kanzaki h. aria?	kanzaki h. aria ? 
one possibility is, in some sense, it's not really our fault.	one possibility is , काही अर्थाने, तो खरोखर आमचा दोष नाही . 
please! he's gonna kill me! oh, my god!	please ! he 's gon मला मारू नका ! oh , अरे देवा ! 
i should spare you, molly. i shouldn't tell you my dreams.	i should spare you , molly . i should n't tell you माझी स्वप्ने . 
be good.	be good . 
the name.	the name . 
do you need any help?	do you need काही मदत ? 
wow. i had no idea we were at that point in our relationship.	wow . i had आम्ही आमच्या नातेसंबंधात त्या टप्प्यावर होतो याची कल्पना नाही . 
let's talk turkey.	let टर्की बोला . 
there's nothing here.	there 's येथे काहीही . 
he wasn't a goblin.	he was n't एक गोब्लिन . 
don't you see?	do n't you see ? 
do an upper endoscopy to check for bleeds.	do रक्तस्त्राव तपासण्यासाठी वरची एंडोस्कोपी . 
i can't trust you...	i ca n't trust you ... 
come to think of it, you used to work at the development department, right?	विचार करा, तुम्ही विकास खात्यात काम करायचो , right ? 
you used one of these to try to kill someone?	you used one of these एखाद्याला मारण्याचा प्रयत्न करणे ? 
i'll never forgive you for that!	i 'll never forgive you त्यासाठी ! 
so, that's it then?	so , that 's it then ? 
burn a little?	burn थोडेसे ? 
especially for the adults working at mcsweeney's	especially for mcsweeney&#39;s येथे काम करणारे प्रौढ 
i've got wildling blood in my veins.	i 've got wildling blood माझ्या नसांमध्ये . 
we don't have much time!	we do n't have किती वेळ ! 
but i also am in the fueling business.	but i also am इंधन व्यवसायात . 
i could. stay over tonight, if to make you feel any better.	i could . stay over tonight , जर तुम्हाला बरे वाटेल . 
i think you're enjoying this.	i think तुम्ही याचा आनंद घेत आहात . 
and cut!	and cut ! 
you keen on earning a coin?	you keen एक नाणे कमावल्यावर ? 
now, plutonium, 10 to 13 pounds:	now , plutonium , 10 ते 13 पाउंड : 
dispatch the seventh fleet.	dispatch सातवा फ्लीट . 
so i looked up a plastic	so i looked up एक प्लास्टिक 
what is this?	what is this ? 
because we're using the longterm effect version	because we 're using दीर्घकालीन प्रभाव आवृत्ती 
let's go together sometime!	let कधीतरी एकत्र जाऊ ! 
are you serious?	are you serious ? 
to win this seat	to win हे आसन 
all right, goten! okay!	ठीक आहे , goten ! okay ! 
hikarichan can live peacefully again.	hikarichan can live पुन्हा शांततेत . 
yeah, me, too. i'm great, too.	yeah , me , too . i 'm great , too . 
it's the councilman's kid, though.	it 's कौन्सिलमनचा मुलगा , though . 
come on, johnny. you saw that girl.	come on , johnny . you saw ती मुलगी . 
i think she's samaritan.	i think ती समॅरिटन आहे . 
didn't he have a girl?	did n't he have एक मुलगी ? 
looks like it's my spa day, too.	looks जसे की हा माझा स्पा दिवस आहे , too . 
and i can draw no ancestral ties.	and i can draw वडिलोपार्जित संबंध नाहीत . 
he was, he was alive an hour ago at least.	he was , तो किमान एक तासापूर्वी जिवंत होता . 
she immigrated to the u.s. a year ago with her brother.	she immigrated आम्हाला a year ago with her brother . 
do you mind if i ask you a personal question about you and agent scott?	do you mind मी तुम्हाला तुमच्याबद्दल आणि एजंट स्कॉटबद्दल वैयक्तिक प्रश्न विचारल्यास ? 
million, yes. nine million forjade pin dragon den black tramway.	million , yes . nine million forjade पिन ड्रॅगन डेन ब्लॅक ट्रामवे . 
the summoning conditions for sleeping giant thud requires you to tribute a monster that has remained on the field for more than 10 turns!	the summoning conditions for sleeping giant thud requires you 10 पेक्षा जास्त वळणांसाठी मैदानावर राहिलेल्या राक्षसाला श्रद्धांजली देण्यासाठी ! 
you will.	you will . 
the object even has its own tutu. (laughter)	the object even has स्वतःचे टुटू . ( laughter ) 
it's said that this mountain is the painter's home village.	it 's said की हा डोंगर चित्रकाराचे मूळ गाव आहे . 
you pity him?	you pity him ? 
hello? inabasan, are you there?	hello ? inabasan , are you there ? 
me, i'm a hairdresser.	me , i 'm एक केशभूषाकार . 
what is wrong with you?	what is तुमच्याबरोबर चूक आहे ? 
which means to take something	which means काहीतरी घेणे 
that's great, but i need more than your support.	that 's great , but मला तुमच्या समर्थनापेक्षा जास्त गरज आहे. 
it was love at first sight! what foolishness!	it was love पहिल्या दृष्टीक्षेपात ! what foolishness ! 
hey, we're here!	hey , we 're here ! 
everything you need is in here.	आपल्याला आवश्यक असलेली प्रत्येक गोष्ट is in here . 
you might realize that there are a lot of country assets that should not be gone	you might realize की देशात बरीच मालमत्ता आहे जी जाऊ नये 
i need someone to listen.	i need कोणीतरी ऐकण्यासाठी . 
no, i'm at work, and at work i work.	no , i 'm at work , and कामावर मी काम करतो. 
really, joon hyeon, it's true!	really , जुन ह्यॉन , it 's true ! 
put kiira to bed and then go on home. i'll see you tomorrow.	put kiira to bed and मग घरी जा . i 'll see you उद्या . 
why did we have to have the world's shittiest rv?	why did we have जगातील सर्वात shittie rv असणे ? 
what if it backfires?	what तो उलट झाल्यास ? 
feds just uncovered evidence suggesting he camouflaged a van stolen from work.	feds त्याने कामावरून चोरलेली व्हॅन छद्म केली असे सूचित करणारे पुरावे नुकतेच उघड झाले . 
no, they're not; but they're effective.	no , they 're not ; but ते प्रभावी आहेत. 
you'll never survive if you lose control, mr. fox.	you 'll never survive आपण नियंत्रण गमावल्यास , mr. fox . 
nishiki satoshi has gone!	निशिकी सातोशी has gone ! 
which incidentally showed that when you do this	which incidentally showed that जेव्हा तुम्ही हे करता 
is probably arson, i'll say that. now we know one way to get rid of them.	बहुधा जाळपोळ आहे , i 'll say that . now we know त्यांच्यापासून मुक्त होण्याचा एक मार्ग . 
but i am committed to compiling his thoughts and mine	but i am त्याचे आणि माझे विचार संकलित करण्यासाठी वचनबद्ध 
maybe you do, but i don't.	maybe you do , but मी नाही. 
at green school, the children are smiling	ग्रीन स्कूलमध्ये , the children are smiling
i do it so i don't have to look at your ugly face all the time.	i do it त्यामुळे मला नेहमी तुझा कुरूप चेहरा पाहण्याची गरज नाही. 
not density.	not density . 
is it?	is it ? 
and social interventions, can make a vast difference.	आणि सामाजिक हस्तक्षेप , can make a vast difference . 
i know you. i don't think so.	i know you . i do n't think so . 
is that so?	is that so ? 
legend has it that once you are committed at briarcliff, you never got out.	legend has it की एकदा तुम्ही briarcliff येथे वचनबद्ध झाल्यावर, तुम्ही कधीही बाहेर पडले नाही . 
along with deforestation, which is 20 percent of it, is the burning of fossil fuels.	जंगलतोड सोबत, जे 20 टक्के आहे , is the burning of fossil fuels . 
no money.	no money . 
yes, finch. what's happening?	yes , finch . what 's happening ? 
wait here. i'll go get the tranquilizer.	wait here . i 'll go ट्रँक्विलायझर घ्या . 
thanks, chiichan.	thanks , chiichan . 
um ... i have no idea	um ... i have कल्पना नाही 
a mouth which tells you where to get out	a mouth जे तुम्हाला कुठे बाहेर पडायचे ते सांगते 
couldn't be better.	could n't be better . 
though you have solemnly vowed yourself	though you have solemnly vowed yourself 
you heard it on the tape.	you heard it टेप वर . 
sir, do you have children?	sir , do you have मुले ? 
i need you to get down on the ground.	i need तुम्ही जमिनीवर उतरण्यासाठी . 
make some new friends.	make काही नवीन मित्र . 
well, like the cubs winning the pennant	well , like शावक पेनंट जिंकत आहेत 
just please call them up.	just please call them up . 
yeah, i do.	yeah , i do . 
more than that, the stones in the valley of elah	more than that , एलाहच्या खोऱ्यातील दगड 
that's actually not bad.	that 's actually वाईट नाही . 
the fatherland is calling its children!	पितृभूमी is calling its children ! 
you don't wiggle.	you do n't wiggle . 
they'd sit down; i'd sneak out of the house.	ते बसतील ; i 'd sneak out of the house . 
each time the printhead goes through.	प्रत्येक वेळी the printhead goes through . 
sorry to say but... this is a comedy.	sorry म्हणणे but ... this is एक विनोदी . 
and those and those and that?	and those and त्या आणि ते ? 
nikita 3x21 invisible hand original air date on may 10, 2013	nikita 3x21 invisible hand original air date 10 मे 2013 रोजी 
why wasn't he targeted?	why was n't he targeted ? 
get on your radio. tell them we're coming.	get तुमच्या रेडिओवर . tell them आम्ही येत आहोत . 
i mean, well, look at this room.	म्हणजे, well , look at this room . 
that is me.	that is me . 
made one kind of silk	made एक प्रकारचे रेशीम 
here's a family portrait.	here 's एक कौटुंबिक पोर्ट्रेट . 
since when has my council counted for so little ?	since when has my council counted खूप कमी साठी ? 
fucking! is it okay with a brat.	fucking ! is it एक ब्रॅट सह ठीक आहे . 
shoot not enough milk	shoot पुरेसे दूध नाही 
encore!	encore ! 
i say the dumbest things.	i say सर्वात मूर्ख गोष्टी . 
500.	500 . 
you're doing fine, trip.	you 're doing छान, सहल . 
why? because we lack the internal, institutional framework	why ? because we lack अंतर्गत, संस्थात्मक फ्रेमवर्क 
that's...	that 's ... 
or what it represents, which is the bowl of soup.	or what it represents , जे सूपचे भांडे आहे . 
nay, quoth robin, laughing, not quite so ill as that, i trust.	नाही, कोथ रॉबिन, हसणारा, इतका आजारी नाही , i trust . 
in the bone of the patient	in रुग्णाचे हाड 
where are the babies?	where are बाळांना ? 
so now.. mai..	त्यामुळे आता .. mai .. 
drop it.	drop it . 
you touched me.	you touched me . 
so, mr. collins, on behalf of the woodcliff lake hilton, we'd like to thank you for your stay.	so , mr. collins , वुडक्लिफ लेक हिल्टनच्या वतीने , we 'd like to thank you for your stay . 
and yet i made the decision that the reward... that... everything we could learn and everything we could achieve, that all of that... simply outweighed that risk.	and yet i made निर्णय की बक्षीस... जे... आपण जे काही शिकू शकलो आणि जे काही साध्य करू शकलो, ते सर्व... फक्त त्या जोखमीपेक्षा जास्त . 
what do you think?	what do you think ? 
were you nervous today?	were you nervous आज ? 
watney is secure.	वॅटनी is secure . 
and club activities started up once again.	and क्लब क्रियाकलाप started up once again . 
and that information will go into asknature.org.	and ती माहिती will go into asknature.org . 
you were always like this...	you were always यासारखे ... 
but it's not realreal.	but it 's not realreal . 
all right, mr. kwon	ठीक आहे , mr . kwon
dark clouds	dark clouds
and i keep waiting for someone to tell me i made it.	and i keep waiting for कोणीतरी मला सांगावे की मी ते केले आहे . 
true change.	true change . 
we have to be cognizant about how we use data	we have आम्ही डेटा कसा वापरतो याबद्दल जागरूक असणे 
have my back and stop being so goddamn disappointing like everybody else!	have my back and इतरांसारखे निराशाजनक होणे थांबवा ! 
respected businessman.	respected businessman . 
i told you to shut up, huh?	i told you गप्प बसणे, huh ? 
i was married. i was married and i was pregnant.	i was married . i was married and मी गरोदर होते. 
tim wohe says it's urgent.	tim wohe says ते तातडीचे आहे . 
i'm not the bad guy here.	i 'm not वाईट माणूस here . 
no, that... that is different!	no , that ... that is different ! 
lt!	lt ! 
why are they doing this to us?	why are they doing this आम्हाला ? 
they asked me to fix marikachan's hair!	they asked me marikachan चे केस दुरुस्त करण्यासाठी ! 
yeah, ask any one of those vultures.	yeah , ask त्या गिधाडांपैकी कोणतेही एक . 
so the end justifies the means.	so शेवट justifies the means . 
guys, hold him tight!	guys , hold त्याला घट्ट ! 
relax, okay?	relax , okay ? 
since kelly is the most important thing in your life, i'll take her.	कारण केली ही तुमच्या आयुष्यातील सर्वात महत्वाची गोष्ट आहे , i 'll take her . 
if we can include that lawsuit and get everything resolved at once here	if we can include that lawsuit and येथे सर्व काही एकाच वेळी सोडवा 
lots of people are used to having a spiritual tribe, or a church tribe	lots of people are used एक आध्यात्मिक टोळी असणे, किंवा a church tribe 
what 's going on, konzu comes in handy	काय चालू आहे , konzu comes in handy 
everyone was taken away by him.	everyone was taken away त्याच्या द्वारे . 
i knew it.	i knew it . 
'course, uh, i might be able to help you out.	' course , uh , i might be तुम्हाला मदत करण्यास सक्षम . 
i've just left them.	i 've just left them . 
i guess that ... i will rather call her out for now.	i guess that ... i will rather call her out आत्ता पुरते . 
all right!	all right ! 
because you're the great sherlock holmes, the clever detective in the funny hat?	because you 're महान शेरलॉक होम्स, मजेदार टोपीमध्ये हुशार गुप्तहेर ? 
time passed.	वेळ passed . 
hey, it's you!	hey , it 's you ! 
carly! carly! sweet pea!	carly ! carly ! sweet pea ! 
i like to grab you by the hair damn, that was like a death threat.	i like तुला केसांनी पकडण्यासाठी damn , ते जीवे मारण्याच्या धमकीसारखे होते . 
when something you've been worrying about wakes you up	when something तुम्हाला जागे करण्याची काळजी वाटत आहे 
akkun's being rebellious....	akkun 's being rebellious .... 
wait, you're not like 15, are you?	थांब, तू १५ वर्षांचा नाहीस , are you ? 
before we started airing, everyone was saying	आम्ही प्रसारण सुरू करण्यापूर्वी , everyone was saying
okay. guys, iet me just put it to you iike this, okay?	okay . मित्रांनो, मी हे फक्त तुमच्यासमोर ठेवले आहे , okay ? 
i told you that it was empty!	i told you की ते रिकामे होते ! 
better?	better ? 
tell her i will.	tell her मी करीन . 
you're an idiot.	you 're एक मूर्ख . 
see this?	see this ? 
you know hans:	तुम्हाला माहीत आहे hans : 
did you know that?	did you know that ? 
it's ridiculous. i don't even remember what set you off in the first place.	it 's ridiculous . i do n't even remember प्रथम स्थानावर तुम्हाला काय सेट केले . 
it does, doesn't it?	ते करते , does n't it ? 
fireproof clothing.	fireproof clothing . 
ah, i see.	ah , i see . 
hey, bro, what about us?	hey , bro , आमच्या बद्दल काय ? 
doc, what's the plan here?	doc , what 's योजना here ? 
i got the name of the sac p.d. detective who investigated kirkland's shooting.	i got किर्कलँडच्या गोळीबाराचा तपास करणार्‍या सॅक पीडी गुप्तहेराचे नाव . 
yeah, somewhat.	होय, somewhat . 
now, ryuta has his heart locked down hard.	now , ryuta has त्याचे हृदय कठोरपणे बंद झाले . 
'cause you're your problem, annie.	'cause you 're तुमची समस्या, एनी . 
especially the good ones, not all of them.	especially the good ones , त्यांना सर्व नाही . 
yeah. it's nice to see you.	yeah . it 's nice तुम्हाला बघायला . 
i have so many worries	i have खूप काळजी 
by her, you mean...	तिच्या द्वारे , you mean ... 
to make sure the front door is locked.	to make समोरचा दरवाजा लॉक असल्याची खात्री करा . 
let me take a picture!	let मी एक चित्र काढतो ! 
victim is id'd as sebastian jones.	victim is सेबॅस्टियन जोन्स म्हणून ओळखले . 
that got inside my body.	that got माझ्या शरीरात . 
i was just helping erica for a moment.	i was just helping erica एका क्षणासाठी . 
when did you come?	when did you come ? 
who have so generously supported this research.	who have इतक्या उदारतेने supported this research . 
isn't there anything else your hubby likes?	is n't there तुमच्या पतीला आवडते दुसरे काहीही ? 
i made it. what?	i made it . what ? 
we are bullshit.	we are bullshit . 
kaufman!	kaufman ! 
is it really you?	is it really you ? 
soon the entire world will know about cybodies.	soon संपूर्ण जग will know about cybodies . 
after i got back, i said	मी परत आल्यानंतर , i said
oh!	oh ! 
miyazawakun is my kouhai.	miyazawakun is माझी कौहाई . 
don't you have any dreams for the future?	do n't you have भविष्यासाठी कोणतीही स्वप्ने ? 
and that is gestures:	and that is हातवारे : 
what, you thought	what , you thought
so that he can't get out.	so that he ca n't get out . 
this power... it's just like father's!	this power ... it 's अगदी वडिलांप्रमाणे ! 
i don't think we know any of the songs on this list.	i do n't think आम्हाला या यादीतील कोणतीही गाणी माहित आहेत . 
and it's usually the rules that hold us back.	and it 's usually आम्हाला मागे ठेवणारे नियम . 
this little guy... hello.	this little guy ... hello . 
it wanted to get inside of you.	it wanted तुमच्या आत येण्यासाठी . 
we could solve our energy problems; we can reduce co2,;	आम्ही आमच्या ऊर्जा समस्या सोडवू शकतो ; we can reduce co2 , ; 
and an armoured car at five.	and an armoured car पाच वाजता . 
e on boy, last piece.	e मुलावर , last piece . 
sorry for waiting. please. thanks very much!	sorry वाट पाहण्यासाठी . please . thanks खुप ! 
but in order to save konoe...	but in कोनो वाचवण्यासाठी ऑर्डर ... 
it always takes time.	it always takes वेळ . 
it's here. it's... it's... it's always right here.	it 's here . it 's ... it 's ... it 's always इथे . 
but how did you do that?	but how did you do that ? 
i am sorry, but do not you explore the lord with me? huh?	i am sorry , but तू माझ्याबरोबर प्रभूचा शोध घेत नाहीस का? huh ? 
look, i had to be sure before i cracked.	look , i had मी क्रॅक करण्यापूर्वी खात्री करा . 
you're right back where you started.	you 're right back जिथे तुम्ही सुरुवात केली होती . 
the carteles, as the bad guys	the carteles , वाईट लोक म्हणून 
this is a date. you got it?	this is एक तारीख . you got it ? 
thanks	thanks
you've got the rest of your life.	you 've got तुमचे उर्वरित आयुष्य . 
the older brother died around 11:30	मोठा भाऊ died around 11:30 
if it's about cakes about this much is usual, right?	जर हे केक्सबद्दल असेल तर याबद्दल बरेच काही नेहमीचे आहे , right ? 
how was your day, snuffles?	how was your day , snuffles? 
hurry!	hurry ! 
oh oh, he had the angel blade. um... in any event, i	oh oh , he had देवदूत ब्लेड . अं... कोणत्याही परिस्थितीत, i
i'm taking you and then i'm selling the car.	i 'm taking you and then i 'm selling कार . 
and the main purpose is basically to inform people	and मुख्य उद्देश is basically to inform people 
all right, fine!	ठीक आहे , fine ! 
shut off the alarm, i told you, there is no fire.	shut off the alarm मी तुला सांगितले, there is no fire . 
as measured by the world health organization	as measured जागतिक आरोग्य संघटनेद्वारे 
when forensics is finished with the guy's place, we're gonna deploy the cadaver dogs.	जेव्हा मुलाच्या जागेसह फॉरेन्सिक पूर्ण होते , we 're gon na deploy the cadaver dogs . 
which raced	which raced
i talked to her.	i talked तिला . 
you didn't even slightly think this way before, did you.	तुम्ही आधी असा विचार केला नव्हता , did you . 
go get a e buff this out.	go हे बाहेर काढा . 
it is impossible to hit it there.	it is impossible ते तिथे मारण्यासाठी . 
do you think you can get there in the next 20 minutes? jack bauer.	do you think तुम्ही पुढील 20 मिनिटांत तेथे पोहोचू शकता ? jack bauer . 
weaponry convention, huh?	weaponry convention , huh ? 
i'll face my family	i 'll face माझे कुटुंब 
who wants to be the boss?	who wants बॉस होण्यासाठी ? 
all i see you doing is pumping water.	मी तुम्हाला सर्व करताना पाहतो is pumping water . 
and your mother's here, too, though you see her not.	and your mother 's here , too , जरी तू तिला दिसत नाहीस . 
i'll be able to understand why daisy likes her so much.	i 'll be डेझीला तिला इतके का आवडते हे समजण्यास सक्षम आहे . 
in the story, the source of the monster's power	in the story , the source राक्षसाच्या शक्तीचे 
the whole invasion is a slaughter.	संपूर्ण आक्रमण is a slaughter . 
how long you been drinking?	किती काळ you been drinking ? 
to divide all the land equally. what does it mean?	to divide सर्व जमीन equally . what does it mean ? 
what the hell are you doing here?!	what नरक are you doing here ? ! 
i think there's an opportunity, a window for change.	i think एक संधी आहे, बदलाची विंडो आहे . 
ha, ha.	ha , ha . 
see you later, alligator...	see you later , मगर ... 
this is the final...	this is अंतिम ... 
ah...	ah ... 
not anymore.	not anymore . 
why was she here?	why was she here ? 
well, there are a number of interesting conclusions, i think	बरं, अनेक मनोरंजक निष्कर्ष आहेत , i think
i'm pretty solid on gun safety.	i 'm तोफा सुरक्षिततेवर तेही ठोस . 
um... he makes you double and triplecheck things.	um ... he makes तुम्ही दुहेरी आणि तिहेरी तपासा things . 
on that?	on that ? 
so, because i am a trained economist	so , कारण मी एक प्रशिक्षित अर्थशास्त्रज्ञ आहे 
you have love for the queen?	you have राणीवर प्रेम ? 
i'm sorry.	i 'm sorry . 
speak english.	speak english . 
please.	please . 
colonies were once conquered. today countries are bought.	वसाहती were once conquered . आज countries are bought . 
and so as long as we have good, deep discussion	आणि म्हणून जोपर्यंत आमच्याकडे आहे good , deep discussion
kind of.	kind of . 
what is it? you sense something?	what is it ? you sense something ? 
will be a key driver of creating jobs and creating	will be नोकऱ्या निर्माण करणे आणि निर्माण करणे हे प्रमुख चालक 
i promised to give her the other half now.	i promised आता अर्धा भाग तिला देण्यासाठी . 
that was the problem.	that was समस्या . 
once again, i look forward to working with you.	once again , i look forward तुमच्यासोबत काम करण्यासाठी . 
has gone into the emerging markets in the past decade.	has gone उदयोन्मुख बाजारपेठांमध्ये in the past decade . 
keep your mouth shut and you'll live.	keep your mouth shut and तू जगशील. 
ireland's rather different. not to the irish, it isn't.	ireland 's ऐवजी भिन्न . आयरिश ला नाही , it is n't . 
1,320.	1,320 . 
we gotta get her to the lawn over there while she's still with us.	we got ती आमच्याबरोबर असताना तिला तिथल्या लॉनमध्ये घेऊन जा . 
you obviously had your suspicions.	you obviously had तुमच्या शंका . 
do you know how to sum cells? what's that?	do you know पेशींची बेरीज कशी करायची ? what 's that ? 
which unfortunately the sound doesn't work in this room	which unfortunately the sound does n't work या खोलीत 
listen...	listen ... 
it's a little girl who tamed a fox.	it 's एक लहान मुलगी जिने कोल्ह्याला वश केले . 
for their hearts were closed to the truth.	for their hearts were closed सत्याकडे . 
it's not what you think... listen, arite...	it 's not what you think ... ऐक, अरित... 
i can see you're risking your life.	i can see तुम्ही तुमचा जीव धोक्यात घालत आहात . 
your last report was more than two weeks ago.	your last report was दोन आठवड्यांपूर्वी . 
make her admit that she lost!	make तिने कबूल केले की ती हरली ! 
and i don't know...	and i do n't know ... 
my opinion, huh...	my opinion , huh ... 
what should i do?!	what should i do ? ! 
what is it?	what is it ? 
does she know what you look like? i don't think so.	does she know तू कसा दिसतोस ? i do n't think so . 
another one died using that inkstone.	another one died त्या इंकस्टोनचा वापर करून . 
every major religion participated in this.	प्रत्येक प्रमुख धर्म participated in this . 
hey, beckett. why don't i get to carry the rifle?	hey , beckett . why do n't i get रायफल वाहून नेण्यासाठी ? 
not a day goes by, that i don't think about them.	एक दिवस जात नाही , that i do n't think about them . 
but then, when i took the first bite	but then , जेव्हा मी पहिला चावा घेतला 
thank god!	thank god ! 
get them the hell out of there. retreat.	get them the hell तिथून बाहेर . retreat . 
and you've got a development workforce	and you 've got एक विकास कार्यबल 
does not enlarge government.	does not enlarge सरकार . 
sorry! alright!	sorry ! alright ! 
dying	dying
the recon corps left to find a route to shiganshina	the recon corps left शिगांशीना मार्ग शोधण्यासाठी 
this will be the wedding you dreamed of. i won't let anything get in the way.	this will be आपण ज्या लग्नाचे स्वप्न पाहिले होते . i wo n't let काहीही आडवे येते . 
do i look like i'm running around planning murders?	do i look जसे की मी खुनाची योजना आखत आहे ? 
you want me to take it?	you want मी ते घेण्यासाठी ? 
what you are...	what you are ... 
so youre the one!	so you re एक ! 
i need proof you have the president before i can give that order.	i need मी आदेश देण्यापूर्वी तुमच्याकडे अध्यक्ष असल्याचा पुरावा . 
if i approach toshiyuki from behind	if i approach toshiyuki मागून 
well, i couldn't miss your first day at school.	well , i could n't miss तुमचा शाळेतला पहिला दिवस . 
yeah, who knew all those years you were nursing a case of stage fright.	yeah , कोणाला माहित आहे की तुम्ही स्टेजच्या भीतीच्या केसची काळजी घेत आहात . 
i'm not playing ella, i saw this one	मी एला खेळत नाही , i saw this one 
and then people can benefit from them outside too.	and then people can benefit त्यांच्याकडून outside too . 
and, i mean, funny things like this happen.	and , म्हणजे, मजेदार गोष्टी जसे this happen . 
thinking about possibly what?	thinking कदाचित कशाबद्दल ? 
how are we supposed to fake three accidents? you stalk your prey. gotta be smart.	how are we supposed बनावट तीन अपघात करण्यासाठी ? you stalk तुमचा शिकार . got हुशार व्हा . 
before the fight, when you guys take the ring, you should do it.	before the fight , जेव्हा तुम्ही अंगठी घ्याल , you should do it . 
no tactic.	no tactic . 
in prioritizing human wellbeing	in मानवी कल्याणाला प्राधान्य देणे 
well, what's worldchanging.com, with these images, have to do?	well , what 's worldchanging.com , with these images , करायच आहे? 
the people of this kingdom hate ravenna with every fiber.	the people या राज्याचा कावळ्याचा द्वेष आहे with every fiber . 
have fun with the war.	have fun युद्ध सह . 
understood, captain.	understood , कर्णधार . 
yeah... that's right...	yeah ... that 's right ... 
most of you guys want air time.	तुमच्यापैकी बहुतेक लोक want air time . 
what do you care?	what do you care ? 
targets are two in robes.	targets are दोन झगे . 
i'm just saying, a little appreciation would be nice.	i 'm just saying , थोडे कौतुक छान होईल . 
i hope you get more than an expensive nap.	i hope तुम्हाला महागड्या झोपेपेक्षा जास्त मिळते . 
braddock owned three luxury car dealerships, but when he found out he was dying, he sold his stake to his employees at a discount.	braddock owned three luxury car dealerships , but जेव्हा त्याला कळले की तो मरत आहे, तेव्हा त्याने आपला भागभांडवल त्याच्या कर्मचाऱ्यांना सवलतीत विकला. 
no, but they were here.	नाही, but they were here . 
so what lucky color is pink again?	so काय भाग्यवान रंग is pink again ? 
someone please come!	someone please come ! 
yes, captain?	yes , कर्णधार? 
six months into his sentence, all he had left were a few corners.	त्याच्या शिक्षेला सहा महिने , all he had left were a few corners . 
but it is not visible to everyone	but it is not प्रत्येकासाठी दृश्यमान 
are coded in the form of shapes	are coded आकारांच्या स्वरूपात 
how much	how much
i mean, george could cut it up.	म्हणजे , george could cut it up . 
there might be a document in my pants.	there might be माझ्या पँटमधील एक कागदपत्र . 
how do you know her?	how do you know her ? 
to have a son.	to have आवाज करणे . 
who was that?	who was that ? 
i got to check in at home.	i got घरी चेक इन करण्यासाठी . 
well, at least my poster didnt get turn.	well , किमान my poster did nt get turn . 
well he found the key to my heart. smoked pig.	well he found माझ्या हृदयाची गुरुकिल्ली . smoked pig . 
but if you could get them to move in this world	but if you could get त्यांना या जगात वावरण्यासाठी 
these guys are directors.	हे लोक are directors . 
out of the question. we are not canceling. i do not bow down to terrorists.	out प्रश्नाचे . we are not canceling . i do not bow down दहशतवाद्यांना . 
00.	00 . 
lying in the back car and trying to move the paralyzed limbs move the thumb move these faces of their faces	मागच्या गाडीत पडून अर्धांगवायू झालेले अंग हलवण्याचा प्रयत्न करत आहे move the thumb move these faces of their faces 
to perform more complex functions.	to perform अधिक जटिल कार्ये . 
electricity, running water, school rooms for their kids.	electricity , वाहते पाणी, त्यांच्या मुलांसाठी शाळेच्या खोल्या . 
where is he?	where is he ? 
we'd like to tell our story better	we 'd like आमची कथा अधिक चांगली सांगण्यासाठी 
this is orimurakun's personal is	हे ओरिमुराकुनचे वैयक्तिक आहे is
that's why we must clarify tatsumi's past.	that 's आपण तातसुमीचा भूतकाळ का स्पष्ट केला पाहिजे . 
and she said, now bryan, tell me what the equal justice initiative is.	आणि ती म्हणाली, आता ब्रायन, tell me what the equal justice initiative is . 
you have to pretend to enjoy !	you have आनंद घेण्याचे नाटक करणे ! 
seriously, johanssen.	seriously , johanssen . 
i'm more than just thinking about it.	i 'm फक्त त्याबद्दल विचार करण्यापेक्षा . 
keep it up. please pursue them.	keep it up . please pursue them . 
how many years have you been a cat?	किती वर्ष have you been a cat ? 
basically, it will be a repetition of trial and error.	basically , it will be चाचणी आणि त्रुटीची पुनरावृत्ती . 
it's that!	it 's that ! 
now, part of the formal control over this structure	now , part या संरचनेवर औपचारिक नियंत्रण 
doc said, uh, probably get out in a few days. i'll make sure you got a ride, place to stay.	doc said , uh , कदाचित काही दिवसात बाहेर पडा . i 'll make तुम्हाला एक राइड, राहण्यासाठी जागा मिळाली आहे . 
oh, yeah. excuse me.	oh , होय excuse me . 
can anybody guess what all this is?	can anybody guess हे सर्व काय आहे ? 
do you understand that!	do you understand that ! 
this is also something that, the way we teach it in the u.s.	हे ते, ज्या प्रकारे आपण ते आपल्यामध्ये शिकवतो is also something 
that really necessary?	that really necessary ? 
if you have kids, you know what i mean.	जर तुम्हाला मुले असतील , you know what i mean . 
televion should too, bring things to people's attention	televion should too , bring things लोकांच्या लक्षाकडे 
no, no, no. that's not it. i'm running away.	no , नाही, नाही. that 's not it . i 'm running away . 
i'm the police i'm arresting you for sexual assault	i 'm पोलिस मी तुम्हाला लैंगिक अत्याचारासाठी अटक करत आहे 
and i think this isn't just chance.	and i think ही फक्त संधी नाही . 
where's the evidence? i'll arrest you and make you talk	where 's पुरावा ? i 'll arrest you and तुला बोलायला लाव 
very tenderhearted.	very tenderhearted . 
i got this, from sean.	i got this , शॉन पासून . 
i'm on the way to beck.	i 'm बेक करण्याच्या मार्गावर . 
it's only a hundred miles.	it 's फक्त शंभर मैल . 
pray for mercy from puss!	pray दयेसाठी from puss ! 
baby, i'll tell her, remember, your momma is a worrier	baby , i 'll tell her , लक्षात ठेवा, तुझी आई काळजीत आहे 
from the car commercials?	from कार जाहिराती ? 
in the correct sequence.	in योग्य क्रम . 
but i can do it.	but i can do it . 
he was that most unlikely of heroes	he was की नायकांची सर्वाधिक शक्यता नाही 
i'm so used to that.	i 'm त्यामुळे सवय झाली आहे . 
are you disappointed? no.	are you disappointed ? no . 
and so through a process of selection evolution	and so through निवड उत्क्रांतीची प्रक्रिया 
oh, oswald.	अरे, oswald . 
over here. he's fine.	over here . he 's fine . 
don't forget to chew.	do n't forget चावणे . 
making the world safer	making जग अधिक सुरक्षित 
and this is the orientation film for station two	and this is स्टेशन दोन साठी अभिमुखता चित्रपट 
but the point about the high bridge	but the point उंच पुलाबद्दल 
i have.	i have . 
he was a model of physical perfection.	he was शारीरिक परिपूर्णतेचे मॉडेल . 
they're still kind of complicated, so let's simplify them.	ते अजूनही क्लिष्ट आहेत, so let 's simplify them . 
i was told my paperwork is in order.	i was told my paperwork क्रमाने आहे . 
hi, you've reached dr. stuart price with divine dentistry.	hi , you 've reached डॉ. दैवी दंतचिकित्सा सह स्टुअर्ट किंमत . 
current whereabouts.	current whereabouts . 
what's that?	what 's that ? 
i didn't get one word out. broke down like a baby.	i did n't get एक शब्द out . broke down बाळासारखे . 
things don't look so good from where i am, francis.	things do n't look मी जिथून आहे तिथून खूप चांगले , francis . 
you all seem to be what we consider attractive.	you all seem जे आपण आकर्षक मानतो . 
smells like margarine.	smells मार्जरीन सारखे . 
it's in your hands now.	it 's तुमच्या हातात now . 
it was alby's call.	it was अल्बीचा कॉल . 
just let me go...	just let मी जातो ... 
200... 220 messages.	200 ... 220 messages . 
that is possible.	that is possible . 
i think maybe his mom can't let go and she's still protecting him from the grave.	i think maybe his mom can't let go आणि ती अजूनही त्याला थडग्यापासून वाचवत आहे. 
here.	here . 
can we put on something else, maybe?	can we put दुसऱ्या कशावर तरी , maybe ? 
crispina!	crispina ! 
well you can see this on an mri.	well you can see this mri वर . 
about the child of prophecy i mentioned earlier...	भविष्यवाणीच्या मुलाबद्दल i mentioned earlier ... 
people who strongly feel their love should be recognized can sometimes even become evil.	ज्या लोकांना त्यांचे प्रेम प्रकर्षाने जाणवते त्यांना ओळखले पाहिजे can sometimes even become evil . 
i lhave to say goodbye now.	i lhave आता निरोप घेण्यासाठी . 
and this was from an editor at random house children's books.	and this was यादृच्छिक घरातील मुलांच्या पुस्तकांच्या संपादकाकडून . 
this is your problem.	this is तुझी समस्या . 
i thought it was wrong, but when i warn him...	i thought it was wrong , but जेव्हा मी त्याला चेतावणी देतो ... 
think for a second, have a real number in your mind.	think for a second , तुमच्या मनात खरी संख्या आहे . 
and as you think about it	and as you think त्याबद्दल 
it's very successful	it 's खूप यशस्वी 
yakra of stubborn stupid eagerness	yakra हट्टी मूर्ख उत्सुकता 
they put her on very special nutritious diet	they put her अतिशय विशेष पौष्टिक आहारावर 
i'm still adjusting to it myself.	i 'm still adjusting ते myself . 
yukawakun was cheating on you.	yukawakun was cheating तुझ्यावर . 
and, in fact, depends more	and , खरं तर , depends more 
well, i'm not in the place to say that.	well , i 'm not असे म्हणण्याच्या ठिकाणी . 
doesn't it make sense for you to nominate someone you know so well?	does n't it make sense तुम्ही इतक्या चांगल्या प्रकारे ओळखत असलेल्या एखाद्याला नामनिर्देशित करण्यासाठी ? 
i didn't feel safe with him, so i left him.	मला त्याच्याबरोबर सुरक्षित वाटत नव्हते , so i left him . 
so, thank you, knives.	so , thank you , चाकू . 
seems like i just asked an outlandish question...	seems जसे मी नुकताच एक विचित्र प्रश्न विचारला आहे ... 
academy city is one big laboratory.	academy city is एक मोठी प्रयोगशाळा . 
the people in charge want to meet face to face.	the people in charge want समोरासमोर भेटण्यासाठी . 
lately, i've noticed...	lately , i 've noticed ... 
anyone want to guess the answer?	anyone want उत्तराचा अंदाज लावण्यासाठी ? 
but emphasizing the vulnerable and endangered social groups.	but emphasizing असुरक्षित आणि धोक्यात असलेले सामाजिक गट . 
typically they'd go in the middle of the night, and they'd steal the car right out of the guy's garage.	typically they 'd go in the middle of the night , and ते त्या व्यक्तीच्या गॅरेजमधून कार चोरतील. 
and then we'll see who's laughing.	and then we 'll see कोण हसत आहे . 
not yet.	not yet . 
and i would do anything for you.	and i would do anything तुमच्यासाठी . 
fair enough question.	fair enough question . 
but i think he's from kochi city.	but i think तो कोची शहरातील आहे . 
it's not?!	it 's not ? ! 
yes. i guess so.	yes . i guess so . 
bastard	bastard
i can tell you from experience	i can tell you अनुभवातून 
they missed your son's rash.	they missed तुमच्या मुलाची पुरळ . 
world duel carnival?	world duel carnival ? 
but they're quite something.	but they 're अगदी काहीतरी . 
we can be in mexico. at least, we can, we can	we can be मेक्सिको मध्ये . किमान , we can , we can
every girl who died, released her power on to the next.	मरण पावलेली प्रत्येक मुलगी, released her power on to the next . 
i won't deny my own personal desire... to turn each sin against the sinner.	i wo n't deny my own personal desire... प्रत्येक पाप पापी विरुद्ध बदलण्यासाठी . 
you can see from here?! no, not from there!	you can see येथून ? ! no , not from there ! 
makochan, last year you played the piano to celebrate...	मकोचन, last year you played the piano to celebrate ... 
why don't you believe me? because i'm foreign?	why do n't you believe me ? because i 'm foreign ? 
what is he trying to do?	is he trying काय करायचं ? 
my teriyaki mayo pizza and ginger ale!	my teriyaki mayo pizza and आले आले ! 
just give me a second. i'm sure i'm gonna be able to figure it out.	just give me एक सेकंद . i 'm खात्री आहे की मी ते शोधण्यात सक्षम आहे . 
so it uses its red bioluminescence like a sniper's scope	so it uses त्याचे लाल बायोल्युमिनेसन्स स्निपरच्या स्कोपसारखे आहे 
i thought maybe you might...	i thought कदाचित आपण कदाचित ... 
or they say our universe is just one of many	or they say आपले विश्व अनेकांपैकी एक आहे 
and that i was only scratching the surface	and that i was only scratching पृष्ठभाग 
peter's had persistent cognitive problems.	peter's had सतत संज्ञानात्मक समस्या . 
a free and open internet	a मुक्त आणि खुले internet
there over coltan and diamonds and other things.	there कोल्टन आणि हिरे आणि इतर गोष्टींवर . 
technical nutrients this is for shaw carpet, infinitely reusable carpet.	technical nutrients हे शॉ कार्पेटसाठी आहे, अमर्यादपणे पुन्हा वापरता येण्याजोगे कार्पेट. 
a dimensional barrier ruptured, unleashing unknown energies into our world, antimatter, dark energy	a dimensional barrier ruptured , आपल्या जगात अज्ञात ऊर्जा मुक्त करणे, antimatter, dark energy 
oh, my god, what a beautiful face.	oh , देवा, किती सुंदर चेहरा आहे . 
so that's one side of the triptych.	so that 's triptych ची एक बाजू . 
hey, cho, look at this.	hey , cho , look यावर . 
does that hurt?	does that hurt ? 
well, this (applause)	well , हे (टाळ्या) 
someone, isn't it?	someone , is n't it ? 
should we do this?	should we do this ? 
whether you like it or not, you're starting to show up online	तुम्हाला ते आवडले की नाही , you 're starting to show up online 
so that we could find our way back after.	so that we could find आमचा मार्ग back after . 
i thought we had something special too.	i thought आमच्याकडे पण काहीतरी खास होते . 
commonly known as zebra. where its being distributed is a topic of discussion	commonly known झेब्रा म्हणून . जिथे त्याचे वितरण केले जाते is a topic of discussion 
what's so complicated about this place?	what 's या जागेबद्दल खूप क्लिष्ट आहे ? 
it was fairly obvious what i meant.	it was fairly obvious मला काय म्हणायचे होते . 
begging your pardon, m'lady, but we'll be the judge of that.	begging your pardon, m'lady , but आम्ही त्याचे न्यायाधीश होऊ. 
whoa, this is a killer view.	whoa , this is एक किलर दृश्य . 
i believe sir hashiba is also accompanied by his mother and wife	i believe सर हशिबा सोबत त्यांची आई आणि पत्नी देखील आहेत 
sir, this may be related.	sir , this may be related . 
well, how'd it go with holiday?	well , how 'd it go सुट्टी सह ? 
that's funny!	that 's funny ! 
you seriously can't be serious for even 10 minutes. 10 minutes!!	you seriously ca n't be अगदी 10 मिनिटांसाठी गंभीर . 10 minutes ! ! 
lot of people did, okay?	खूप लोकांनी केले , okay ? 
i don't know, another test? no, this is not a test.	i do n't know , दुसरी चाचणी ? no , this is not एक चाचणी . 
please sit here.	please sit here . 
i don't know what else to say but i'm sorry, jess.	i do n't know what else to say but मला माफ करा, जेस. 
check the other! yes, sir.	check इतर ! yes , सर . 
there's your own life, too, isn't there?	तुमचे स्वतःचे जीवन आहे , too , is n't there ? 
this is what those piles of burning, smoldering coal waste look like.	this is जळणाऱ्या, धुमसणाऱ्या कोळशाच्या कचऱ्याचे ते ढीग काय look like . 
isn't it always like this here ?	is n't it always यासारखे here ? 
what a nice necktie.	what a nice necktie . 
so that white material that you see	so ते पांढरे साहित्य जे तुम्हाला दिसते 
you have no clue where fukumotosan is, right?	फुकुमोटोसन कुठे आहे हे तुम्हाला माहीत नाही , right ? 
how to write an essay about his life.	how to write त्याच्या जीवनाबद्दल एक निबंध . 
after this it will be time for confessions. please use the remaining 5 minutes effectively.	after this it will be कबुलीजबाब देण्याची वेळ . please use उर्वरित 5 मिनिटे effectively . 
so what of it?	so what त्यातील ? 
here's a typical south atlantic contact call from the '70s.	here 's 70 च्या दशकातील एक सामान्य दक्षिण अटलांटिक संपर्क कॉल . 
this guy's wounded! you have to help me!	हा माणूस 's wounded ! you have मला मदत करण्यासाठी ! 
but it's a little bit short, isn't it?	पण ते थोडेसे लहान आहे , is n't it ? 
previously on grimm...	previously on गंभीर ... 
this number that was entered in as maki	this number माकी म्हणून प्रवेश केला होता 
why wasn't i told?	why was n't i told ? 
i have no idea what you're gonna say, but i'm pretty sure the answer is no.	i have no idea you're gonwhat na say , but मला खात्री आहे की उत्तर नाही आहे. 
no, it's not	no , it 's not 
you mustn't open the drawer and peek, okay?	आपण ड्रॉवर उघडू नये आणि डोकावू नये, okay ? 
and then i woke up.	and then i woke up . 
he only needed two stitches.	he only needed दोन टाके . 
i didn't trust them.	i did n't trust them . 
good night! g'night!	good night ! g'night ! 
even if i survive today.	even if i survive आज . 
let's hang out often.	let अनेकदा हँग आउट करतो . 
get in.	get in . 
if my instinct when i was in hysteria mode is correct, we have a chance!	जर मी उन्माद मोडमध्ये होतो तेव्हा माझी अंतःप्रेरणा बरोबर असेल , we have a chance ! 
the bunker is safe.	बंकर is safe . 
now, how did he get on there? this is not my playlist.	now , how did he get on there ? this is not माझी प्लेलिस्ट . 
that woman was the link.	ती स्त्री was the link . 
no! help me!	no ! help me ! 
i go jogging every morning.	i go jogging प्रत्येक सकाळी . 
what i should've done a long time ago.	what i should 've done फार पूर्वी . 
i don't smell it.	i do n't smell it . 
why don't we catch that plane?	why do n't we catch ते विमान ? 
we can finally return to life!	we can finally return आयुष्यासाठी ! 
didnt you think it was intriguing?	did nt you think ते मनोरंजक होते ? 
i'm fine. but today you came...	i 'm fine . but आज you came ... 
and then, her conviction changed because of that.	and then , her conviction changed त्यामुळे . 
it's excellent, right?	ते उत्कृष्ट आहे , right ? 
our work was rewarded with old negatives, boxes of prints, and trunks full of decaying film, which we were able to save.	our work was rewarded जुन्या निगेटिव्ह, प्रिंट्सचे बॉक्स आणि क्षय झालेल्या फिल्मने भरलेल्या ट्रंकसह, आम्ही ते वाचवू शकलो. . 
for some reason, it feels like it's been a long time.	for some reason , it feels जसे की बराच वेळ झाला आहे . 
does it have anything to do with you?	does it have तुमच्याशी काहीही करायचे आहे ? 
ichika, you were looking for a certain place you remember, correct?	ichika , you were looking तुम्हाला आठवत असलेल्या ठराविक जागेसाठी , correct ? 
oh, i have no idea.	oh , i have कल्पना नाही . 
just forget it!	just forget it ! 
david!	david ! 
poong ho sunbae is the vice president? heol.	पूंग हो सनबे is the vice president ? heol . 
are very thrilled.	are खूप रोमांचित . 
tree. chair. girl.	tree . chair . girl . 
but no one's here.	but कोणीही नाही 's here . 
these faces staring at me.	हे चेहरे staring at me . 
see, i hate you fucking russians.	see , i hate तुम्ही रशियन लोक . 
what's a bokkvir?	what 's आणि bokkvir ? 
is because cambodians can't afford the drugs on the commercial market	is कारण कंबोडियन लोकांना व्यावसायिक बाजारात औषधे परवडत नाहीत 
not just me, his friends, our friends, his wife.	not just me , त्याचे मित्र, आमचे मित्र, त्याची पत्नी . 
not only that, he implanted amaterasu in your eyes.	इतकेच नाही , he implanted amaterasu in your eyes . 
doc blamed himself	doc blamed himself 
how do you provide medically relevant information	how do you provide वैद्यकीयदृष्ट्या संबंधित माहिती 
the deep ocean is also gaining heat at a smaller rate	the deep ocean is also gaining heat कमी दराने 
yeah.	yeah . 
in far greater quantities than they've ever got before.	in त्यांच्याकडे पूर्वीपेक्षा कितीतरी जास्त प्रमाणात . 
are you a student at yomi north?	are you योमी येथील विद्यार्थी north ? 
look, you're not thinking clearly!	look , you 're not thinking clearly ! 
my brain's being picked on everything from interrogation to evidence collection.	my brain 's being picked चौकशीपासून प्रत्येक गोष्टीवर to evidence collection . 
we have to find ways to solve all these problems.	we have या सर्व समस्यांचे निराकरण करण्याचे मार्ग शोधण्यासाठी . 
sakuragi whatever you are, you can investigate 48 hours of gasket	sakuragi आपण काहीही असो , you can investigate 48 hours of gasket 
he already hurts me every night.	he already hurts me प्रत्येक रात्री . 
house cats don't have a survival instinct so they can be hiding near your house.	house cats do n't have a survival instinct जेणेकरून ते तुमच्या घराजवळ लपून बसू शकतील . 
because it shows	because it shows
what he has to live with day in and day out?	what he has दिवसेंदिवस जगणे ? 
that, and more, after the break.	that , आणि अधिक, ब्रेक नंतर . 
after a hundred or even a thousand years	after शंभर किंवा हजार वर्षे 
here i come!	here i come ! 
yes! all right, we gotta find keys.	yes ! all right , we got कळा शोधा . 
if it's just han mi mo and i	if it 's just तू आणि मी कुठे आहोत? 
it's the only way we can be together.	it 's आपण एकत्र राहण्याचा एकमेव मार्ग आहे . 
was that a woman on the phone? yeah.	was that फोनवर एक महिला ? yeah . 
these three people, there's nothing that links them?	these three people , there 's त्यांना जोडणारे काहीही नाही ? 
should i get him for you?	should i get him तुमच्यासाठी ? 
but we're not alone anymore.	but we 're not alone anymore . 
momoko will wait and be a good girl so that you'll return safely.	momoko will wait and एक चांगली मुलगी व्हा म्हणजे तू सुरक्षितपणे परत येशील . 
how to do small business	how to do लहान व्यवसाय 
in fukuyamasan's tablet	in फुकुयामासनची गोळी 
so is it or isn't it?	so is it or आहे ना ? 
lieutenant, we got a 1614 on progress on taylor and seasons.	lieutenant , we got टेलर आणि सीझनवरील प्रगतीवर 1614 . 
some of you may have seen it.	तुमच्यापैकी काही may have seen it . 
then he swam to the shore and found the villa, that time, too.	then he swam to the shore and त्या वेळीही व्हिला सापडला . 
and such usual things aren't only in the world of children	and such usual things are n't only मुलांच्या जगात 
evolved in highuv environments	evolved उच्च वातावरणात 
what, like an armadillo?	what , like एक आर्माडिलो ? 
i think... i...	i think ... i ... 
you were outnumbered, unarmed.	you were outnumbered , unarmed . 
claire's baby is fine.	क्लेअरचे बाळ is fine . 
but that doesn't mean i want to kill anybody over it.	but that does n't mean मला त्यावर कोणाचाही खून करायचा आहे. 
but in fact, it goes down below sea level another couple thousand feet.	but in fact , it goes down below sea level आणखी दोन हजार फूट . 
a game with proper stakes then.	a game योग्य स्टेक्ससह then . 
sugar?	sugar ? 
no, no, it's cool. i'm usually up.	no , no , it 's cool . i 'm usually up . 
and let me tell you	and let मी तुम्हाला सांगतो 
i'm gonna break this genjutsu quickly and get out of here!	i 'm gon हा गेंजुत्सू त्वरीत तोडा आणि येथून निघून जा ! 
where do you want to do this?	do you want हे कुठे करायचे ? 
what are you doing?!	what are you doing ? ! 
she's doing okay. thank you.	she 's doing okay . thank you . 
i don't agree.	i do n't agree . 
say woman is muslim and she deserved it.	say स्त्री मुस्लिम आहे आणि ती त्यास पात्र होती. 
skills onehanded sword	कौशल्ये onehanded sword 
what's markov's 20?	what 's मार्कोव्हचे 20 ? 
i, myself, i'm actually involved in the team	i , myself , मी प्रत्यक्षात संघात सामील आहे 
that's why he chose you to protect the garden.	that 's बागेच्या संरक्षणासाठी त्याने तुला का निवडले . 
we can trust him.	we can trust him . 
just like all the other minstrels.	just like इतर सर्व मंत्री . 
or they've reached their home base.	or they 've reached त्यांचा घरचा आधार . 
and somehow uplifted.	and somehow uplifted . 
be careful, baby.	be careful , बाळ . 
can we figure out some kind of payment schedule?	can we figure out काही प्रकारचे पेमेंट शेड्यूल ? 
you know after john died	तुम्हाला माहीत आहे after john died
your voice is so cute!	तुझा आवाज is so cute ! 
to have squeezed the universe into a ball.	to have squeezed the universe एक चेंडू मध्ये . 
the tissue on the femur, cam.	the tissue फॅमर, कॅम वर . 
although i do believe my logic is sound.	although i do believe माझे तर्क योग्य आहे . 
i don't know. you're erasing her from me.	i do n't know . you 're erasing her माझ्याकडून . 
i have also installed a security camera in the hallway.	i have also installed एक सुरक्षा कॅमेरा in the hallway . 
how's your morning? well, better than yours, it seems.	how 's तुमची सकाळ ? well , तुमच्यापेक्षा चांगले , it seems . 
now those are cookie robots!	now those are कुकी रोबोट्स ! 
wouldn't be much of an oracle if i didn't.	would n't be ओरॅकलचा बराचसा भाग if i didn't . 
capturebonding.	capturebonding . 
impossible. not impossible!	impossible . not impossible ! 
hi, jacob.	hi , jacob . 
oh, my god! oh, my god!	oh , अरे देवा ! oh , अरे देवा ! 
the men holding those bolts of cloth will make me king.	कापडाचे बोल्ट धरलेले पुरुष will make me king . 
yes, his brain.	yes , his brain . 
all right.	all right . 
then, not only will your suspicions be cleared, but	then , फक्त नाही will your suspicions be cleared , but 
i've always loved you!	i 've always loved you ! 
he can take care of bauer at the same time.	he can take care of bauer त्याच वेळी . 
yeah, please do that.	yeah , please do that . 
to looking for life in the universe.	to विश्वात जीवन शोधत आहे . 
you really should get therapy for that.	you really should get त्यासाठी थेरपी . 
don't make this your whole life.	do n't make हे तुमचे संपूर्ण आयुष्य . 
something you want to ask?	something तुम्हाला विचारायचे आहे ? 
do you know where they're going?	do you know ते कुठे जात आहेत ? 
hi dummy.	hi dummy . 
how do you move the horse?	how do you move घोडा ? 
which is what precisely?	which is what precisely ? 
i just need help gettin' there.	i just need तेथे जाण्यास मदत करा . 
tough kids, huh?	tough kids , huh ? 
i felt so at home, even though it was my first time there.	i felt so at home , जरी तिथे माझी पहिलीच वेळ होती . 
but has been in this state since his rescue.	but has been या राज्यात since his rescue . 
richan, when did you change your hairstyle?	richan , तू तुझी केशरचना कधी बदललीस? ? 
you will decide	you will decide
i'm going to make this right, larry.	i 'm going हे बरोबर करण्यासाठी, लॅरी . 
alright, thank you very much. that's all.	alright , thank you खुप . that 's all . 
and how many do you like?	and किती do you like ? 
because you're my friend!	because you 're माझा मित्र ! 
we got the lowdown on the sleeping situation.	we got the lowdown झोपेच्या स्थितीवर . 
you fight it.	you fight it . 
it was the night jane died.	it was रात्री जेनचा मृत्यू झाला . 
in order to walk among us they disguised their appearance by cloning human flesh over their own reptilian skin.	in order to walk among us they disguised त्यांच्या स्वतःच्या सरपटणाऱ्या त्वचेवर मानवी मांसाचे क्लोनिंग करून त्यांचे स्वरूप . 
i summon wise core.	i summon शहाणा कोर . 
explained everything that was known at the time about liquid helium	explained द्रव हेलियम बद्दल त्या वेळी ज्ञात असलेल्या सर्व गोष्टी 
the german suplex! what move is it?	the german suplex ! काय हालचाल is it ? 
there's something deeply moving about it.	there 's काहीतरी खोलवर चालते . 
you shoot me i'll fuckin' kill you!	you shoot me मी तुला मारीन! 
flushing meadows, corona park world fair!	flushing मेडोज, कोरोना पार्क वर्ल्ड फेअर ! 
it would seem i didn't have time to get credentials for my associate.	it would seem माझ्या सहयोगीसाठी क्रेडेन्शियल्स मिळविण्यासाठी माझ्याकडे वेळ नव्हता . 
will you marry me?	will you marry me ? 
let it go? i am nowhere near letting it go.	let ते जाते ? i am nowhere ते जाऊ देण्याच्या जवळ . 
switch all power to front deflector screen. switch all power to front deflector screen.	switch समोरच्या डिफ्लेक्टर स्क्रीनवर सर्व शक्ती . switch समोरच्या डिफ्लेक्टर स्क्रीनवर सर्व शक्ती . 
those who think in the intuitive manner cannot.	जे अंतर्ज्ञानी पद्धतीने विचार करतात can not . 
and i wanted to speak with you about your future.	and i wanted तुमच्या भविष्याबद्दल तुमच्याशी बोलण्यासाठी . 
they're moving him to the hangar.	they 're moving him हँगरला . 
huh? well, because...	huh ? well , because ... 
you take your hands off her!	you take आपले हात off her ! 
they name it the world's bestdesigned newspaper.	they name it जगातील सर्वोत्तम डिझाइन केलेले वृत्तपत्र . 
he was a good man..	he was एक चांगला माणूस .. 
i can special summon the turner monster quick synchron!	i can special summon टर्नर राक्षस quick synchron ! 
with that, i started thinking.	त्या बरोबर , i started thinking . 
i'm coming back.	i 'm coming back . 
the heart that was transplanted into your chest...	the heart जे तुमच्या छातीत प्रत्यारोपित केले गेले ... 
db is the name of the product	db is उत्पादनाचे नाव 
and her lip quivered and, i just...	and तिचे ओठ quivered and , i just ... 
cabin?	cabin ? 
magical feeling when they see dolphins in the surf.	magical feeling जेव्हा त्यांना सर्फमध्ये डॉल्फिन दिसतात . 
you are also the real you?	you are also खरा तू ? 
that's all day. let's play some d, let's play some defense.	that 's संपूर्ण दिवस . let 's play some d , चला काही बचाव खेळूया . 
with just teamwork, right?	फक्त टीमवर्क सह , right ? 
that are full of understanding.	that are पूर्ण समज . 
come here, come here!	इकडे ये , come here ! 
oh th.. this?	अरे वा .. this ? 
gonna pour you a drink.	gon तुला एक पेय ओतणे . 
how was? how was? good!	how was ? how was ? good ! 
get to the children, get to the mothers	get to the children , मातांकडे जा 
i'm gonna start looking.	i 'm gon बघायला सुरुवात करा . 
i can play games whenever i want, and read manga all i like.	i can play games whenever i want , and मला आवडलेले सर्व मंगा वाचा . 
if human beings disappeared, life on earth as we know it would flourish.	if human beings disappeared , life on earth जसे आपल्याला माहित आहे की ते भरभराट होईल . 
the reason is, we have sort of a builtin poison detector.	the reason is , आमच्याकडे बिल्टिन पॉयझन डिटेक्टर आहे . 
no, not really, no.	no , खरोखर नाही , no . 
eh? i don't understand a thing of what you're saying.	eh ? i do n't understand आपण काय म्हणत आहात याची एक गोष्ट . 
so if you have 1,000 species	so जर तुमच्याकडे 1,000 प्रजाती असतील 
it's like going to a game park, an extinct game park.	it 's जसे की गेम पार्कमध्ये जाणे, लुप्त होत चाललेले गेम पार्क . 
that's enough, really.	that 's enough , really . 
i'm scared of myself... i'm a monster.	मला स्वतःची भीती वाटते ... i 'm a monster . 
so wouldn't it be nice	so would n't it be nice 
i wonder what it is?	i wonder हे काय आहे ? 
no, why?	no , why ? 
sing a song about war	sing युद्ध बद्दल एक गाणे 
and specializes in lgbt health.	and specializes एलजीबीटी आरोग्यामध्ये . 
tanegashi machine 3 kai wins in a major upset!	tanegashi machine 3 kai wins मोठ्या अस्वस्थतेत ! 
it's milverton's.	it 's मिलव्हर्टन च्या . 
we are working with the base's maintenance depot to repair our units in a more timely manner.	we are working with the base's maintenance depot आमच्या युनिट्स अधिक वेळेवर दुरुस्त करण्यासाठी . 
i was able to safely come back alive today	i was सुरक्षितपणे जिवंत परत येण्यास सक्षम today 
oh, shh, shh.	oh , shh , shh . 
it's too close, man.	it 's खूप जवळ , man . 
which means that theres no place	which means की तिथे जागा नाही 
did you eat or drink anything in the last hour?	did you eat or शेवटच्या तासात काहीही प्या ? 
mr. bauer, you have a phone call.	श्री. शेतकरी , you have a phone call . 
i still think you're nuts. but not as nuts as i thought.	i still think तू मूर्ख आहेस . but not as nuts जसे मी विचार केला . 
i knew i could trust you to protect me from them.	i knew त्यांच्यापासून माझे संरक्षण करण्यासाठी मी तुझ्यावर विश्वास ठेवू शकतो . 
i'm going home. yuika didn't come today	i 'm going home . yuika did n't come आज 
mental disease.	mental disease . 
he did?	he did ? 
i will suck spirit pressure.	i will suck आत्म्याचा दबाव . 
do me a favor first, okay?	प्रथम माझ्यावर एक उपकार करा , okay ? 
we got confirmation from the field that your daughter died ten minutes ago from a gunshot wound.	we got तुमच्या मुलीचा दहा मिनिटांपूर्वी बंदुकीच्या गोळीबारात मृत्यू झाल्याची शेतातून पुष्टी . 
like a banana with a yeast infection.	like यीस्ट संसर्गासह केळी . 
they are lost forever.	they are lost forever . 
then why no?	then why no ? 
isn't there anything we can do?	is n't there आम्ही काहीही करू शकतो ? 
you mean the harem that just figured out they're a harem?	you mean the harem आत्ताच कळले की ते हॅरेम आहेत ? 
get me captain mike faber at the pentagon.	get me पेंटागॉनमध्ये कॅप्टन माइक फॅबर . 
i'll make it very pretty and shock aoisan.	i 'll make ते खूप सुंदर आहे and shock aoisan . 
my body is like a lump of esper power.	my body is एस्पर शक्तीच्या ढिगाप्रमाणे . 
i was the only one who could make that connection.	i was ते कनेक्शन बनवू शकणारा एकमेव . 
gushes a bland of sweet and sourness that fills my mouth!	gushes माझ्या तोंडात गोड आणि आंबटपणाचे मिश्रण ! 
and we're discovering, with our research	and we 're discovering , आमच्या संशोधनासह 
wow, this is so cool!	wow , this is खूप छान ! 
and the curve that we're on means that this is going to continue	and आपण ज्या वक्र वर आहोत means that this is going to continue 
different morphologies of neurons	different morphologies न्यूरॉन्स च्या 
and she looks an awful lot like that photograph in your locker.	and she looks तुमच्या लॉकरमधील त्या छायाचित्रासारखे भयंकर बरेच काही . 
left! left! left!	left ! left ! left ! 
children are not parents' possessions.	children are not पालकांची मालमत्ता . 
she's a person who can really understand other people's feelings.	she 's एक व्यक्ती जी खरोखर इतर लोकांच्या भावना समजू शकते . 
it's sort of dullcolored. and it's fairly common.	it 's एक प्रकारचा मंद रंगाचा . and it 's बर्‍यापैकी सामान्य . 
we also studied vineet nayar at hcl technologies	we also studied एचसीएल टेक्नॉलॉजीज येथे विनीत नायर 
commodity prices at the borders have shot up	सीमेवर वस्तूंच्या किमती have shot up 
changes everything at work.	changes everything कामावर . 
yeah.	yeah . 
kuroki reported that his partner, inaba, was shot dead during the investigation.	kuroki reported तपासादरम्यान त्याचा साथीदार इनाबा याची गोळ्या झाडून हत्या करण्यात आली होती . 
well, that's an illegal vehicle checkpoint on the six one one, corporal pearson.	well , that 's सहा एक एक, कॉर्पोरल पीअरसन वर एक अवैध वाहन तपासणी नाका . 
as expected, ikemi tsukkomi is sharp! it's raining.	अपेक्षेप्रमाणे , ikemi tsukkomi is sharp ! it 's raining . 
i'm animal's courtappointed sponsor	i 'm प्राण्याचे न्यायालयाने नियुक्त प्रायोजक 
i never stopped.	i never stopped . 
grandpa died when i was small...	grandpa died जेव्हा मी लहान होतो ... 
and to talk to you about a subject dear to my heart	and to talk to you माझ्या मनाला प्रिय असलेल्या विषयाबद्दल 
i wouldn't sweat it.	i would n't sweat it . 
i gave you this.	i gave you this . 
you work in two hours.	you work दोन तासांत . 
trust me, when you sat up, they were just as surprised as the rest of us.	trust me, when you sat up , they were आपल्या बाकीच्यांइतकेच आश्चर्य . 
but the target number is anonymous.	but लक्ष्य क्रमांक is anonymous . 
a different type of money.	a different type पैशाचे . 
your, uh, trees...	your , uh , trees ... 
and for decades, i'm going	and दशकांसाठी , i 'm going
i thought you said it was bad everywhere.	i thought तू म्हणालास ते सर्वत्र वाईट आहे . 
we have his consent to show it to you.	we have his consent ते तुम्हाला दाखवण्यासाठी . 
will you say that again? shit!	will you say that again ? shit ! 
also, you ate way more than me!	also , you ate माझ्यापेक्षा खूप जास्त ! 
serbia. i've got a netjet waiting for you at the local airport.	serbia . i 've got स्थानिक विमानतळावर नेटजेट तुमची वाट पाहत आहे . 
colorado is the new california.	colorado is नवीन कॅलिफोर्निया . 
you're weak.	you 're weak . 
engage.	engage . 
all the evidence on chamalla is anecdotal.	चामल्यावरील सर्व पुरावे is anecdotal . 
i find the connection between a shinigami and his materialized zanpakutou's relationship most fascinating.	i find शिनिगामी आणि त्याचे भौतिक बनलेले झानपाकुटूचे नाते सर्वात आकर्षक आहे . 
i promise i'll give it back.	i promise मी ते परत देईन . 
there is room at woodbury for aii of you.	there is तुमच्यासाठी वुडबरी येथे खोली . 
it is secreting gobs and gobs of milk	it is secreting gobs आणि gobs of milk 
in the year 1975, we started with the opening of wonder land. and	in the year 1975 , we started आश्चर्य भूमी उघडून . and
stoddard shot the whole thing down.	stoddard shot संपूर्ण गोष्ट down . 
it wasn't easy convincing weapons research.	it was n't easy खात्रीशीर शस्त्रे संशोधन . 
so the first question, and you might want to write this down	so पहिला प्रश्न, आणि you might want to write this down 
is there a problem?	is there समस्या ? 
but she hasn't accepted me what i am.	but she has n't accepted me मी काय आहे . 
i came to see you, granny.	i came तुम्हाला बघायला, granny . 
something i realized...	something मला कळले ... 
i hope so. i'm finnegan. nice to meet you.	i hope so . i 'm finnegan . nice तुला भेटण्यासाठी . 
we'll not gonna let ye down.	we 'll not gon मी त्याला खाली सोडले . 
whoa, whoa, whoa... so, he's got a few flaws	अरे, अरे, अरे... तर , he 's got a few flaws 
you'd best be on your way.	you 'd best be तुमच्या मार्गावर . 
i did it ! it was me... !	i did it ! it was me ... ! 
who the hell are you?	who नरक are you ? 
tide's coming in.	समुद्राची भरतीओहोटी coming in . 
thank you, dr. mashelkar.	thank you , डॉ. माशेलकर . 
sauron, the enemy of the free peoples of middleearth, was defeated.	सॉरॉन, मिडलअर्थच्या मुक्त लोकांचा शत्रू, was defeated . 
oh, here it is.	oh , here it is . 
its not very important to me right now.	its not very important मला right now . 
the visitors are coming to save us from the apocalypse.	the visitors are coming आम्हाला सर्वनाश पासून वाचवण्यासाठी . 
mouth of steel?	mouth स्टीलचे ? 
but actually, uh, i've lost my memory.	but actually , uh , i 've lost माझी स्मृती . 
there's a hole here, and i shut this.	there 's a hole here , and मी हे बंद केले. 
i think we can get there without the ship. alright.	i think आम्ही जहाजाशिवाय तेथे पोहोचू शकतो . alright . 
and if mei and yui both want to go to university	and if मेई आणि युई दोन्ही want to go to university 
i did.	i did . 
something is missing. no...	something is missing . no ... 
the role?	the role ? 
i mean, how did you get into my house?	i mean , how did you get माझ्या घरात ? 
well, it won't take long.	well , it wo n't take long . 
would you like to carry out a suicide attack?	would you like आत्मघाती हल्ला करण्यासाठी ? 
we can get in a lot of trouble.	we can get खूप अडचणीत . 
you mean this?	you mean this ? 
no. no, that's okay. i'm fine.	no . no , that 's okay . i 'm fine . 
us! why us? you're the one who hired her.	us ! why us ? you 're ज्याने तिला कामावर ठेवले . 
no, i don't, actually.	no , i do n't , actually . 
you need to mix two sets of genes.	you need जनुकांचे दोन संच मिसळणे . 
that the earth is warming up.	that पृथ्वी is warming up . 
excuse me, two perfect specimens. gentlemen...	excuse me , दोन परिपूर्ण नमुने . gentlemen ... 
don't touch me, though. i want you to tell me.	do n't touch me , though . i want तू मला सांग . 
was because the great god kashima was being absent.	was कारण महान देव काशिमा अनुपस्थित होते . 
hey, jack.	hey , जॅक . 
which is advantageous for everybody... since our customers are anxious to avoid... attracting attention to themselves.	which is advantageous for everybody ... कारण आमचे ग्राहक टाळण्यास उत्सुक असतात... स्वतःकडे लक्ष वेधून घेणे . 
yes, sir.	yes , सर . 
a pain in her ass.	a pain तिच्या नितंब मध्ये . 
yeah, djs. deaf jews.	yeah , djs . deaf jews . 
i'm telling you	i 'm telling you 
let me be very clear	let मी खूप स्पष्ट आहे 
oh, she came back.	oh , she came back . 
the clock is at 15 o'clock and the digital code at 14 o'clock.	the clock is 15 वाजता आणि डिजिटल कोड at 14 o'clock . 
we need something to break the windows now.	we need आता खिडक्या तोडण्यासाठी काहीतरी . 
that was all!	that was all ! 
sullivan, assigned to plainclothes right out of the gate, congratulations.	sullivan , गेटच्या बाहेरच साध्या कपड्यांमध्ये नियुक्त केले , congratulations . 
you want to contact your mom?	you want आपल्या आईशी संपर्क साधण्यासाठी ? 
and he was essentially cured.	and he was essentially cured . 
if you make such a happy expression, it makes me want to stay more.	जर तुम्ही अशी आनंदी अभिव्यक्ती केली , it makes me want to stay more . 
i beg your pardon?	i beg तुझी क्षमा ? 
we thought we were in a unipolar world	we thought आम्ही एकध्रुवीय जगात होतो 
stop ordering me about. this isn't your home.	stop मला ऑर्डर देत आहे . this is n't तुझे घर . 
good morning, okazaki.	good morning , okazaki . 
it was kind of low anyways.	it was तरीही कमी प्रकारचा . 
i don't understand.	i do n't understand . 
whoa! he won again!	whoa ! he won again ! 
right now! tower control, this is jed.	right now ! टॉवर नियंत्रण , this is jed . 
i take it you'll be issuing an apology along with mr. donnelly's release.	i take it तुम्ही मिस्टर सोबत माफी मागणार आहात. डोनेलीची सुटका . 
no no no, are you serious?	no no no , are you serious ? 
what? you mean sugayasan?	what ? तुम्हाला म्हणायचे आहे sugayasan ? 
i was 5'4 till my senior year.	i was 5'4 माझ्या वरिष्ठ वर्षापर्यंत . 
come back.	come back . 
vamps could smell blood from miles off.	vamps could smell blood मैल पासून off . 
even in other classes they don't have an handsome teacher	अगदी इतर वर्गातही they do n't have an handsome teacher 
in fact, yasuri shichika is under direct control of the strategian.	in fact , yasuri shichika is रणनीतीकाराच्या थेट नियंत्रणाखाली . 
arrested two years ago for assaulting a muslim with a baseball bat. all hail the king, baby.	arrested two years ago बेसबॉल बॅटने मुस्लिमांवर हल्ला केल्याबद्दल . all hail राजा, बाळा . 
what are these strange boxes i see here.	what are हे विचित्र बॉक्स मला येथे दिसत आहेत . 
very much.	very much . 
i didn't know how i was going to get out of it	i did n't know मी त्यातून कसे बाहेर पडणार होते 
at first, dad said he hates...	प्रथम , dad said he hates ... 
ahh... i couldn't read him.	ahh ... i could n't read him . 
and so modest. i guess i'm a modest mouse.	and so modest . i guess मी एक विनम्र उंदीर आहे . 
have a smoke.	have एक धूर . 
one man approached them with a small baby perched on his shoulder	one man approached them त्याच्या खांद्यावर एक लहान बाळ घेऊन 
listen to your mother, nick.	listen तुझ्या आईला, निक . 
and out he comes with this girl who had no business being in a bar.	and out he comes बारमध्ये राहून कोणताही व्यवसाय नसलेल्या या मुलीसोबत . 
get in the car	get कार मध्ये 
ii can't help you.	ii ca n't help you . 
if we can install these molecules in neurons somehow	if we can install हे रेणू in neurons somehow 
hey,wait a minute. i'm not finished talking with you yet.	hey , wait एक मिनिट . i 'm not finished अजून तुझ्याशी बोलत आहे . 
everything i've kept buried inside came rushing to the surface.	सर्व काही मी आत दफन केले आहे came rushing to the surface . 
where is it? where's scylla?	where is it ? where 's सायला ? 
my mother writes a blog.	माझी आई writes a blog . 
i'm walking out of the apple store	i 'm walking सफरचंद स्टोअरच्या बाहेर 
when you knew sugiuchi was the culprit?	जेव्हा तुला सुगीउची माहित होती was the culprit ? 
what did it say?	what did it say ? 
we find that each case each of the major transitions in life	we find की प्रत्येक केस जीवनातील प्रत्येक प्रमुख संक्रमणे 
i am all too familiar with the window reflection	i am all खिडकीच्या प्रतिबिंबाशी खूप परिचित 
when i was getting ready to make the scheduled round.	when i was getting नियोजित फेरीसाठी सज्ज . 
now that you'll always be by his side.	now की तुम्ही नेहमी त्याच्या पाठीशी असाल . 
we went from being able to have a virus that made a crummy battery	we went एक व्हायरस असण्यास सक्षम असण्यापासून ज्याने खराब बॅटरी बनवली आहे 
you are, as well.	you are , सुद्धा . 
it's impossible. their collective wisdom	it 's impossible . their collective wisdom
yeah, let's roll. yeah, okay.	yeah , let चा रोल . yeah , okay . 
know what i'm saying?	know मी काय म्हणत आहे ? 
what about emo mcgee?	what about emo mcgee ? 
thank you, floriana.	thank तू, floriana . 
if it weren't for the miracles, we wouldn't have survived until now in this barren land.	जर ते चमत्कार झाले नसते , we would n't have survived until now in this barren land . 
tbag went crazy, he, he went nuts.	tbag वेडा झाला , he , he went nuts . 
i'll be out of the office for a bit.	i 'll be कार्यालयाबाहेर for a bit . 
please enjoy these during your break.	please enjoy these आपल्या ब्रेक दरम्यान . 
we must do all we can to make remittances	we must do आम्ही करू शकतो to make remittances 
are these the right thing you asked me to get?	are these तुम्ही मला मागितलेली योग्य गोष्ट ? 
this thing called medical care at home.	ही गोष्ट called medical care at home . 
buchanan said you'd be up to speed.	buchanan said तुम्ही वेगवान व्हाल . 
and fees for lecturers and instructors...	and fees व्याख्याते आणि प्रशिक्षकांसाठी ... 
isn't just about foreign policy	is n't फक्त परराष्ट्र धोरणाबद्दल 
meteor buster attack!	उल्का buster attack ! 
beth bridges, hello. i've been eager to meet you.	beth bridges , hello . i 've been तुला भेटण्यास उत्सुक आहे . 
called the taniyamashimura conjecture.	called तानियामाशिमुरा अनुमान . 
when i think of how you were when you first came here	when i think तू पहिल्यांदा इथे आलास तेव्हा कसा होतास 
at a trot, forward march!	एक ट्रॉट येथे , forward march ! 
well, i have somewhere i need to go.	well , i have somewhere मला जायला हवे . 
she's all yours. thanks for waiting.	she 's all तुमचे . thanks वाट पाहण्यासाठी . 
assisting in the bettering of your race.	assisting आपल्या शर्यतीच्या प्रगतीमध्ये . 
i fell asleep.	i fell asleep . 
besides eye strain, not much, boss.	besides डोळा ताण, जास्त नाही, बॉस . 
it's just a little foundation.	it 's फक्त थोडासा पाया . 
how come all the rich people are having	how come सर्व श्रीमंत लोक are having
really sick.	really sick . 
what's all the fuss about?	what 's बद्दल सर्व गडबड ? 
we're on a hairtrigger here, people.	we 're हेअरट्रिगरवर here , people . 
what is it?	what is it ? 
w what was that? did goku just do something?	w what was that ? goku केले just do something ? 
little kip has arrived just in time for monsoon season.	little kip has arrived फक्त पावसाळ्याच्या वेळेत . 
then there should be nothing to disturb you	then there should be तुम्हाला त्रास देण्यासाठी काहीही नाही 
could have something to do with why we're here.	could have आम्ही येथे का आहोत याच्याशी काहीतरी संबंध आहे . 
we do the takedown when and only when i give the order.	we do the takedown जेव्हा आणि फक्त मी ऑर्डर देतो तेव्हा . 
no, thank you.	no , thank you . 
so in another case, anonymous vs. los zetas.	so दुसर्या प्रकरणात , anonymous vs. los zetas . 
are you sure about that, makabesan?	are you त्याबद्दल खात्री आहे, makabesan ? 
but there's a way you can save me...	but there 's तू मला वाचवण्याचा एक मार्ग ... 
oh, just to review.	oh , just to review . 
we interfered in a big way by making these animals go extinct	we interfered in a big way हे प्राणी नामशेष करून 
they grew up on the same street in flatbush.	they grew up त्याच रस्त्यावर in flatbush . 
i'm not going in there with two jedi.	i 'm not going in there दोन जेडीसह . 
pursuing a kind of excellence in obscurity.	pursuing अस्पष्टतेमध्ये एक प्रकारची उत्कृष्टता . 
people have been hunting for this guy for a decade.	people have been hunting या माणसासाठी for a decade . 
no, it's okay. thank you, though.	no , it 's okay . thank you , though . 
are you sleeping well?	are you sleeping well ? 
so what were you doing out here 21 years ago?	so what were you doing out here 21 वर्षांपूर्वी ? 
the disease i have... is it spinocerebellar degeneration?	मला झालेला आजार... is it spinocerebellar degeneration ? 
time's running out for me.	वेळ running out for me . 
oh... you better be careful.	oh ... you better be careful . 
what's good here? it's an innocent question.	what 's good here ? it 's एक निरागस प्रश्न . 
uh, and, uh, i'm here.	uh , and , uh , i 'm here . 
get to safety quickly!	get सुरक्षिततेसाठी quickly ! 
'cause i didn't do it on purpose.	'cause i did n't do it हेतुपुरस्सर . 
so what happens?	so what happens ? 
i like that. you think you're making a problem for me?	i like that . you think तू माझ्यासाठी समस्या निर्माण करत आहेस ? 
here you go. roundhay garden is on that. check it out.	here you go . राउंडहे बाग is on that . check it out . 
this is the most important slide of my talk, so i'll dwell on it a little bit.	माझ्या भाषणाची ही सर्वात महत्वाची स्लाइड आहे , so i 'll dwell on it a little bit . 
autopsy, it is possible.	autopsy , it is possible . 
you had to look out for yourself, huh?	you had स्वत: साठी बाहेर पाहण्यासाठी , huh ? 
yeah, i guess.	yeah , i guess . 
no good. i just can't win.	no good . i just ca n't win . 
hehe went to sleep, and he never woke up.	hehe went to sleep , and तो कधीच उठला नाही. 
the two are related because	दोन are related because 
what's the general opinion? who did this? my guess?	what 's सामान्य मत ? who did this ? my guess ? 
a stalker.	a stalker . 
to type in a whole lot of things, and to learn	to type बर्‍याच गोष्टींमध्ये , and to learn 
norma here. do you read me?	norma here . do you read me ? 
the mountain cats will come to drag away your bones	the mountain cats will come तुमची हाडे दूर ओढण्यासाठी 
is just simply not going to happen in time.	is just simply not going वेळेत घडणे . 
every single one of us matters.	आपल्यापैकी प्रत्येकजण matters . 
it's not fear that grips him only a heightened sense of things.	it 's not भीती त्याला पकडते फक्त गोष्टींची उच्च जाणीव . 
go! oh!	go ! oh ! 
there is no reason for me to go.	there is मला जाण्याचे कारण नाही . 
this is what happens when you take away	this is तुम्ही घेऊन जाता तेव्हा काय होते 
and i thought this would give me some courage, but all it's done is just make me feel a little bit sick.	and i thought this would give me some courage , but मला थोडेसे आजारी वाटणे एवढेच केले आहे . 
reflect.	reflect . 
this... is how it's gonna be from here on out.	this... is इथून पुढे ते कसे असेल . 
ice that's been frozen for several 100,000 years and is now part of the continent	ice जे अनेक 100,000 वर्षांपासून गोठलेले आहे and is now part of the continent 
that is not a name. that's a number.	that is not नाव . that 's एक संख्या . 
we're in agreement on the heart attack.	we 're हृदयविकाराच्या झटक्यावर सहमती . 
so i said it was the cheapest and fastest way to do it	so i said ते करण्याचा हा सर्वात स्वस्त आणि जलद मार्ग होता 
that cloud... there's got to be a crystallized crystal takigawa in there.	that cloud ... there 's got तेथे एक स्फटिकयुक्त क्रिस्टल टाकीगावा असणे . 
you're a cute person.	you 're एक गोंडस व्यक्ती . 
i don't think there's any way he could have followed me here.	i do n't think तो येथे माझ्या मागे येण्याचा कोणताही मार्ग आहे . 
only if you mean it!	only if you mean it ! 
yeah! it's the only memento of his that he left me!	yeah ! it 's त्याची एकमेव आठवण that he left me ! 
and if you didn't speak korean, that's what you were watching.	and जर तुम्ही कोरियन बोलत नसाल , that 's what you were watching . 
this is a really basic, basic prosthetic limb under here.	this is येथे खरोखर मूलभूत, मूलभूत कृत्रिम अवयव . 
this tree... it survived.	this tree ... it survived . 
frequent wireless contact.	frequent wireless contact . 
one more question.	one more question . 
what about his phone?	what about त्याचा फोन ? 
it means my luck won't disappear as long as the sun is round and whole!	it means जोपर्यंत सूर्य गोल आणि पूर्ण आहे तोपर्यंत माझे भाग्य नाहीसे होणार नाही ! 
nothing.	nothing . 
those bruises, they from something that happened here?	those bruises , ते इथे घडलेल्या एखाद्या गोष्टीवरून? 
listen well!	listen well ! 
all i am anymore is a man looking for his wife and son.	all i am anymore is एक माणूस आपल्या पत्नी आणि मुलाला शोधत आहे . 
the location of his greatest achievement	the location त्याची सर्वात मोठी कामगिरी 
and so at last, mankind began the conquest... and colonization of deep space.	and so at last , mankind began विजय... आणि खोल जागेचे वसाहतीकरण . 
dude, she's dead!	मित्र , she 's dead ! 
why do you need to fuck me?	why do you need मला संभोग करण्यासाठी ? 
the bowls of wrath. he's done it.	the bowls क्रोधाचा . he 's done it . 
something that doesn't belong.	something ते संबंधित नाही . 
ag: brilliant. thank you for asking a question	ag : brilliant . thank you प्रश्न विचारल्याबद्दल 
even if i don't say it, you know right? no i don't.	जरी मी ते म्हणत नसलो तरी तुम्हाला माहिती आहे right ? no i do n't . 
he doesn't return my phone calls, but i, i do know where his personal residence is.	he does n't return my phone calls , but i, त्याचे वैयक्तिक निवासस्थान कुठे आहे हे मला माहीत आहे. 
sometimes have to be sublimated to other needs.	sometimes have इतर गरजांसाठी sublimated करणे . 
she was. she went to take a nap and told the nurse not to wake her.	she was . she went to take a nap and तिला उठवू नका असे नर्सला सांगितले . 
once more, lauda tries to sneak up the inside.	once more , lauda tries आत डोकावून पाहण्यासाठी . 
yep, although we only got bk201.	yep , जरी आम्हाला फक्त bk201 मिळाले . 
we have to get this guy to a doctor. to medical attention, jack.	we have या माणसाला डॉक्टरकडे नेण्यासाठी . to वैद्यकीय लक्ष , jack . 
that's right! oh ... outside the area!	that 's right ! अरे... outside the area ! 
she's from behind the iron curtain.	she 's लोखंडी पडद्यामागून . 
it's about the cuban crisis	it 's क्यूबन संकट बद्दल 
and i think that we may need one or two ideas	and i think की आपल्याला एक किंवा दोन कल्पनांची आवश्यकता असू शकते 
basically, it takes place in the hippocampus.	basically , it takes place हिप्पोकॅम्पस मध्ये . 
you can get a flag from the landlocked nation	you can get भूपरिवेष्टित राष्ट्राचा ध्वज 
danny, answer us!	डॅनी , answer us ! 
one of my colleagues had his life completely upended	माझ्या सहकाऱ्यांपैकी एक had his life completely upended 
we let him shine for another 2000 years.	we let तो आणखी 2000 वर्षे चमकेल . 
what compromise we have, whatever	काय तडजोड we have , whatever
i, um...	i , um ... 
maybe one time.	maybe one time . 
so, i locked myself in a room	so , i locked myself एका खोलीत 
i do not need this right now.	i do not need this ताबडतोब . 
for no names and no info?	for नावे नाहीत आणि माहिती नाही ? 
i'll be out in five minutes. stand where i can see you.	i 'll be out पाच मिनिटांत . stand जिथे मी तुला पाहू शकतो . 
erinasan, i'm really sorry	erinasan , i 'm खरोखर माफ करा 
by one door or the other.	by एक दरवाजा किंवा दुसरा . 
might wanna go easy on him, sarge.	इच्छित असेल go easy on him , sarge . 
son of a dick.	son एक डिक च्या . 
she would drink her homogeneous wine	she would drink तिची एकसंध वाइन 
i ain't never gonna be the same after this.	i ai n't never gon यानंतरही असेच राहावे . 
you can't do this... where is almeida?	you ca n't do this ... अल्मेडा कुठे आहे ? 
please keep them safe!	please keep them safe ! 
here, drink these.	here , drink these . 
what's going on?	what 's going on ? 
and the lighting that we use these days looks something like this.	and आजकाल आपण वापरतो ती प्रकाशयोजना looks something like this . 
you're telling me the fucking c.i.a. thinks i'm working for alqaeda?	you 're telling me संभोग cia . thinks मी अल्कायदा साठी काम करत आहे ? 
now it is. finally, hot water. no more toxic waste.	now it is . finally , hot water . no अधिक विषारी waste . 
until they've hunted all of us down.	until they 've hunted आपण सगळे down . 
actually, i made a reservation in this hotel.	actually , i made a reservation या हॉटेलमध्ये . 
hey, you just have to take it a little at a time.	hey , you just have एका वेळी थोडेसे घेणे . 
hey, don't film that, man. he's one of us.	hey , do n't film ते, man . he 's आपल्यापैकी एक . 
would you prefer smoking or nonsmoking?	would you prefer धूम्रपान किंवा धूम्रपान न करणे ? 
a lot of people are more stupid than elementary school children	a lot of people are प्राथमिक शाळेतील मुलांपेक्षा अधिक मूर्ख 
my name is tom	माझे नाव is tom 
when certain preagreed upon conditions are met	when काही अटींवर सहमत are met
it turns out that competition and winning is a universal human value.	it turns out स्पर्धा आणि जिंकणे हे सार्वत्रिक मानवी मूल्य आहे . 
the taller the twin peaks	the taller जुळी शिखरे 
not verbal thinks in pictures	शाब्दिक नाही thinks in pictures 
why doesn't the sofa go first?	why does n't सोफा go first ? 
yeah, what you got to do is you gotta go over grand central.	yeah, you got what to do is तुम्हाला भव्य मध्यभागी जावे लागेल . 
otherwise, the mountain would get sick.	otherwise , डोंगर would get sick . 
yeah, thanks, man.	yeah , धन्यवाद, माणूस . 
petter... petter!	पीटर petter ! 
don't shoot. my robot. you just flank.	do n't shoot . my robot . you just flank . 
give me a sec.	give me एक सेकंद . 
what do you think it's for?	do you think ते कशासाठी आहे ? 
i know sara didn't have many friends. she's sort of a loner.	i know साराला फारसे मित्र नव्हते . she 's एक प्रकारचा एकटा . 
how fucking dare you!	how fucking dare you ! 
oh, okay.	oh , okay . 
don't tell a whole lot of little lies.	do n't tell खूप थोडे खोटे . 
alpha six foxtrot.	अल्फा सहा foxtrot . 
that blacks had voted for the measure	that blacks had voted मोजमापासाठी 
go clean yourself up.	go स्वतःला स्वच्छ करा . 
we had the dotcom revolution	we had डॉटकॉम क्रांती 
fist to fist? it's the brawler's turn!	fist मुठीत घेणे ? it 's भांडखोराची पाळी ! 
there were two and a half million more girls in school.	there were आणखी अडीच लाख मुली शाळेत . 
our brave guide saved me and a little girl.	our brave guide saved मी आणि एक लहान मुलगी . 
i'm not sad.	i 'm not sad . 
sacrifice.	sacrifice . 
what's the big hurry?	what 's मोठी घाई ? 
a cleaner found out around 1 am	एका क्लिनरला 1 च्या सुमारास कळले am
hey, that's the media's word, not mine.	hey , that 's मीडियाचा शब्द, माझा नाही . 
that is more important.	that is खूप महत्वाचे . 
altogether, imagine in the future taking a programmed probiotic	altogether , imagine in the future प्रोग्राम केलेले प्रोबायोटिक घेणे 
we know that jcub came to your club and did a set at your show that night right before he came over to our party.	we know तो jcub तुमच्या क्लबमध्ये आला होता आणि आमच्या पार्टीला येण्यापूर्वी त्या रात्री तुमच्या शोमध्ये सेट केला होता . 
and in doing so, everything would be discovered.	and असे केल्याने , everything would be discovered . 
call the car	call कार 
but genius rose to the challenge.	but genius rose आव्हानासाठी . 
marunouchi sore	marunouchi sore
easily forget all the problems i'm having.	easily forget मला येत असलेल्या सर्व समस्या . 
there was a reason for that little story.	there was त्या छोट्या कथेचे एक कारण . 
hold on. take your finger off.	hold on . take तुझे बोट off . 
we have to bring in another data set	we have आणण्यासाठी another data set 
we may not be legally married, but i consider her my wife.	we may not be legally married , but मी तिला माझी पत्नी मानतो. 
great distances across the desert floor to feed to their hatchlings.	great distances across the desert floor त्यांच्या पिल्लांना खायला घालण्यासाठी . 
including pretty sensitive questions, such as this one.	including अतिशय संवेदनशील प्रश्न, जसे की हा . 
12 12 miles per hour.	12 12 miles प्रती तास . 
i don't know.	i do n't know . 
just this morning.	just this morning . 
can it wait until after you buy me coffee?	can it wait until तू मला कॉफी विकत घेतल्यानंतर ? 
what does that mean? here we go.	what does that mean ? here we go . 
did i wake you? i'm almost done.	did i wake you ? i 'm almost done . 
there's no mention of you on the website.	there 's वेबसाइटवर तुमचा उल्लेख नाही . 
so the physics is that the bigger the mass of an object	so the physics is that एखाद्या वस्तूचे वस्तुमान जितके मोठे असेल 
it's okay. it's okay now.	it 's okay . it 's okay now . 
i grew up in china	i grew up चीनमध्ये 
i really don't know, honestly. um...	i really do n't know , honestly . um ... 
bill, i tried to save them. there's nothing left. let's walk here.	bill , i tried त्यांना वाचवण्यासाठी . there 's काहीही राहिले नाही . let येथे चालत आहे . 
the moral exercise of putting themselves in that person's head	the moral exercise स्वत:ला त्या व्यक्तीच्या डोक्यात घालणे 
nothing. everything is perfect.	nothing . everything is perfect . 
i have money and slaves you can take if you want	i have पैसे आणि गुलाम तुम्ही घेऊ शकता if you want 
so what's going to happen to elsie?	so what 's going एल्सीला घडणे ? 
i can't take this anymore!	i ca n't take this anymore ! 
the one where you said you bought that brooch.	the one जिथे तुम्ही म्हणालात की तुम्ही तो ब्रोच विकत घेतला आहे . 
patients can see highcontrast edges, they	patients can see उच्च कॉन्ट्रास्ट कडा , they
load her onto the shuttle.	load her शटल वर . 
and on the c.d., this was on.	and सीडी वर , this was on . 
where is the governor! ? he fired on everyone.	where is राज्यपाल ! ? he fired प्रत्येकावर . 
to dramatically alter the global environment.	to dramatically alter जागतिक वातावरण . 
to my parents, riko was	माझ्या पालकांना, रिको was
where is it?	where is it ? 
he's the father of all these children.	he 's या सर्व मुलांचे वडील . 
now, the only one remaining is...	now , फक्त एक शिल्लक आहे is ... 
why assume there has to be one?	why assume एक असणे आवश्यक आहे ? 
the gas gives three to four hours cooking a day	the gas gives तीन ते चार तास cooking a day 
at 66 viale pegaso.	at 66 पेगासस मार्ग . 
otherwise china and india would be the countries	otherwise चीन आणि भारत would be the countries 
called nimblegen, which is way ahead of affymetrix.	called nimblegen , जे affymetrix च्या खूप पुढे आहे . 
let's see	let पाहतो 
who are you? tell me your name.	who are you ? tell me तुमचे नाव . 
yes. but we ordered the right amount.	yes . but we ordered योग्य रक्कम . 
that's probably how it got that name.	that 's probably हे नाव कसे मिळाले . 
she was a doctor, stan.	she was एक डॉक्टर, स्टॅन . 
they share our anger.	they share आमचा राग . 
this is 9 o o 1. i can hear it!	this is 9 आणि 1 . i can hear it ! 
so the western population moved over to here.	so पश्चिम लोकसंख्या moved over to here . 
and what i hope you can see is that there's all kinds of bacteria there.	and what i hope you can see is की तेथे सर्व प्रकारचे जीवाणू आहेत . 
we can use different neurons with different variations.	we can use भिन्न भिन्नतेसह भिन्न न्यूरॉन्स . 
you think that's her?	you think ती तिची आहे ? 
ha ha ha ha ... ...	ha हाहाहा ha ... ... 
i can assure you i was fully conscious	i can assure you मी पूर्ण जागरूक होतो 
i told you did you know duke?	i told you तुला माहित आहे का ड्यूक ? 
ooh, stone roses? no.	ooh , दगड roses ? no . 
her name is twilight, too.	her name is संधिप्रकाश, खूप . 
you promised me.	you promised me . 
ethan,i need to see you right now.	ethan , i need आत्ता भेटण्यासाठी . 
and coming up next on cde, the muppet telethon.	and coming up सीडीईच्या पुढे, मपेट टेलिथॉन . 
! those hypocrites. empty altruism will not erase what they've done.	!those hypocrites . empty altruism will not erase त्यांनी काय केले आहे . 
no, you're gonna have to do a little bit better than that, emile, or my seller's gonna walk.	no , you 're gon त्यापेक्षा थोडे चांगले करावे लागेल, एमिल किंवा माझा विक्रेता चालणार आहे . 
oh? thanks!	oh ? thanks ! 
can you tell me	can you tell me 
why are we doing that?	why are we doing that ? 
right? that's impossible, isn't it...	right ? ते अशक्य आहे , is n't it ... 
your boss, he said he was satisfied.	your boss , he said तो समाधानी होता . 
grrr! i had no choice.	grrr ! i had पर्याय नाही . 
a normal person won't go out with her.	एक सामान्य व्यक्ती wo n't go out with her . 
i was thinking about	i was thinking about 
no bullets?	no bullets ? 
rob, let me go.	लुटणे let me go . 
how's that look?	how 's that look ? 
we need to make sure that we're a little bit suspicious	we need आम्ही थोडे संशयास्पद आहोत याची खात्री करण्यासाठी 
larry,don't do this. okay,i'll join you for one outside in ten minutes.	larry , don't do this . okay , i'll join you दहा मिनिटांत एक बाहेर . 
it's the red eyes i can't forget.	it 's the red eyes मी विसरू शकत नाही . 
without okazakisan, i could not do anything	okazakisan शिवाय , i could not do anything 
of course webvan went out of business, and about a year and a half later	of course webvan went out of business , and सुमारे दीड वर्षानंतर 
you worry too much, harry.	you worry खूप जास्त , harry . 
warning us about what?	warning us कशाबद्दल ? 
and lesbor reminds them that	and lesbor reminds them that 
the door...!	the door ... ! 
hey, jesse. hey.	hey , jesse . hey . 
and then home appliances started coming into being.	and then home appliances started अस्तित्वात येत आहे . 
no shit.	no shit . 
we don't believe it.	we do n't believe it . 
and i would lie there crying at night	and i would lie there रात्री रडणे 
do you not know me?	do you not know me ? 
even if that voice	even if that voice
if nazir was hiding in there, we'd have found him.	जर नाझीर तिथे लपला असेल तर , we 'd have found him . 
we gotta get this guy, hobbes.	we got हा माणूस मिळवा, हॉब्स . 
you know what you have to do?	you know तुम्हाला काय करायचे आहे ? 
when a machine emperor can't destroy an opponent's monster by battle...	when a machine emperor ca n't destroy युद्धाने प्रतिस्पर्ध्याचा राक्षस ... 
its not good enough.	its not good enough . 
i wonder if the economy is good.	i wonder जर अर्थव्यवस्था चांगली असेल . 
war drives forward civilization and science.	war drives forward सभ्यता आणि विज्ञान . 
that will alert company security	that will alert कंपनी सुरक्षा 
he was beyond insane.	he was वेड्याच्या पलीकडे . 
except there were no flames.	except there were ज्वाला नाही . 
what is this?!	what is this ? ! 
as expected of koutan. what kind of fish is it?	as expected koutan चे . कोणत्या प्रकारचे मासे is it ? 
that is my job.	that is माझी नोकरी . 
and... here?	and ... here ? 
yeah!	yeah ! 
at least, that's what executives like ms. sherman would like you to believe.	at least , that 's काय अधिकारी ms आवडतात. शर्मन तुम्हाला विश्वास ठेवू इच्छितो . 
once or twice, briefly.	एक किंवा दोनदा, briefly . 
yes, but his highness is in the library at the moment.	yes , but his highness is ग्रंथालयात at the moment . 
it wasn't his s and m room?	it was n't त्याची s आणि m खोली ? 
i am the rice faction. mama is the bread faction.	i am तांदूळ गट . mama is ब्रेड गट . 
i, uh	i , uh 
could be some sort of family or clan signs.	could be काही प्रकारचे कुटुंब किंवा कुळ चिन्हे . 
i'm on the hook. we do the four we rehearsed.	i 'm हुक वर . we do आम्ही चार तालीम केली . 
murdered hastily wrote a letter	murdered hastily wrote एक पत्र 
who sent you?	who sent you ? 
come on. down!	come on . down ! 
when are we supposed to arrive if we head for it now?	when are we supposed आम्ही आता त्यासाठी निघालो तर पोहोचण्यासाठी ? 
nothing really, just a decoration.	nothing really , just a decoration . 
something happen?	something happen ? 
i immersed myself into this project.	i immersed myself या प्रकल्पात . 
he's even faster than before...	he 's पूर्वीपेक्षा अधिक वेगवान ... 
you know what that means?	you know याचा अर्थ काय ? 
hold on.	hold on . 
your mother might be afraid of you, but i'm not.	your mother might be afraid of you , but मी नाही. 
before he was killed dex confirmed to me that viktor dragovic is here in jersey.	before he was killed dex confirmed to me तो विक्टर ड्रॅगोविच जर्सीमध्ये आहे . 
i wonder if she'll worry.	i wonder जर तिला काळजी असेल . 
wow! shark!	wow ! shark ! 
and you would get this sort of green region	and you would get या प्रकारचा हिरवा प्रदेश 
apartment fire. tencar pile up. hand caught in a machine.	अपार्टमेंट fire . tencar pile up . hand मशीन मध्ये पकडले. 
so, the truth is, in this club a violent group has..	so , the truth is , या क्लबमध्ये एक हिंसक गट आहे .. 
and in my place was the person people expected me to be.	and in my place was लोकांनी माझ्याकडून अपेक्षा केलेली व्यक्ती . 
aaron, that's a little fucked up, no?	aaron , that 's थोडे अप fucked , no ? 
blue and black is no blood flow, orange and white is maximal.	blue and black is रक्त प्रवाह नाही, नारिंगी आणि पांढरा कमाल आहे. 
to hernandez.	to hernandez . 
it's hormones, young love...	it 's हार्मोन्स, तरुण प्रेम ... 
yeah, i saw him enter the grill, but he didn't strike me as suspicious.	yeah , i saw him enter the grill , but त्याने मला संशयास्पद म्हणून मारले नाही. 
and i'm still deciding.	and i 'm still deciding . 
all other things being equal	all other things समान असणे 
so what do we find?	so what do we find ? 
when i get lonely	when i get lonely 
he suddenly resigned for personal reasons.	he suddenly resigned वैयक्तिक कारणांसाठी . 
i always ran away.	i always ran away . 
sorry.	sorry . 
do not hang up.	do not hang up . 
a dog and...	a dog and ... 
i said you wanted to be close enough to watch him suffer.	i said त्याला दु:ख झालेले पाहण्यासाठी तुम्हाला पुरेसे जवळ राहायचे होते . 
what? well...	what ? well ... 
dell toledo...	dell toledo ... 
and the tear! follow!	and the tear ! follow ! 
in order to proliferate	in वाढवण्यासाठी 
the actress nagasawa misasan was the purchaser.	अभिनेत्रीने सामूहिक विवाह केला was the purchaser . 
the violation of school rules is banned!	शाळेच्या नियमांचे उल्लंघन is banned ! 
we have 21 minutes.	we have 21 मिनिटे . 
well, sweets says that she might be in on it.	well , sweets says की ती त्यात असू शकते . 
now can we go on buzz lightyear?	now can we go बझ प्रकाशवर्षावर ? 
it is you who lent naruto hand.	it is you ज्याने नारुतोला हात दिला . 
and almost at the click of a switch	and almost at स्विचचे क्लिक 
why? let's go together.	why ? let एकत्र जाऊ . 
just get me off of this thing.	just get me या गोष्टीपासून दूर . 
it's a pleasure to be here	it 's येथे आल्याचा आनंद आहे 
quit whining already!	quit आधीच whining ! 
yeah, the guy has a great view, you'd swear you could see the future from his rooftop.	होय, त्या व्यक्तीचे दृश्य खूप चांगले आहे , you 'd swear you could see the future from his rooftop . 
unbelievable! in all my years of covering boxing, i've never seen it.	unbelievable ! कव्हर बॉक्सिंगच्या माझ्या सर्व वर्षांमध्ये , i 've never seen it . 
i am ready.	i am ready . 
you do have a choice.	you do have निवड . 
chairman, please!	अध्यक्ष, please ! 
you should try it sometime.	you should try it sometime . 
warner brothers and paramount.	warner brothers and paramount . 
i've taken you over with my fainting act, eagerly leaping to assist the foreign beauty.	i 've taken you over with my fainting act , परदेशी सौंदर्याला मदत करण्यासाठी उत्सुकतेने झेप घेत आहे . 
you telling me you were wrong?	you telling me तू चुकीचा होतास ? 
hi. walk with me. hi.	हाय. walk with me . hi . 
she should have me.	she should have me . 
i bet he's taking his mistress to paris too. what?	i bet तो त्याच्या मालकिनलाही पॅरिसला घेऊन जात आहे . what ? 
are you related to any aliens?	are you कोणत्याही एलियनशी संबंधित ? 
we run out into the woods.	we run out जंगलात . 
with hundreds of hours of five drafts, six drafts	with पाच ड्राफ्टचे शेकडो तास, सहा मसुदे 
he is a pastor of baudette. gobears how.	he is बॉडेटचा धर्मगुरू . gobears how . 
hey, coming through!	hey , coming through ! 
and there'll be no one to stop me.	and there 'll be मला रोखण्यासाठी कोणीही नाही . 
and those are the ones that concern me the most.	and those are ज्यांना माझी सर्वात जास्त काळजी वाटते . 
he came at her from behind.	he came तिच्याकडे from behind . 
um, look, maybe you could just escort me home and we could talk or do something.	um , look , maybe you could just escort me home and आपण बोलू शकतो किंवा काहीतरी करू शकतो. 
i'll keep trying as long as you need, but there's nothing definitive one way or the other yet.	i 'll keep trying as long as you need , but अद्याप एक किंवा इतर काहीही निश्चित नाही. 
no, no, no ...	no , no , no ... 
if we were to ask you to take off your shirt, would we find any fresh bullet wounds?	जर आम्ही तुम्हाला तुमचा शर्ट काढण्यास सांगू , would we find any fresh bullet wounds ? 
it's going to be okay.	it 's going ठीक असणे . 
now, if that's it	now , if that 's it 
shes preparing a house for you two to live in.	she s preparing a house for you two मध्ये राहण्यासाठी . 
any luck finding o'brien?	any luck ओब्रायन शोधत आहे ? 
about a magical place called darpa	about दारपा नावाचे जादुई ठिकाण 
getting your hands dirty.	getting आपले हात गलिच्छ . 
both entrepreneurs and their customers	both entrepreneurs and त्यांचे ग्राहक 
there's never a wrong time	there 's never चुकीची वेळ 
and he just sat there like this.	and he just sat there यासारखे . 
that they would be used for people to listen in	that they would be used लोकांना ऐकण्यासाठी 
what's up?	what 's up ? 
and all the while you were holding out on me!	and तू मला धरून होतास ! 
the doors were unlocked again.	दरवाजे were unlocked again . 
then, the next day	then , दुसऱ्या दिवशी 
to me, it was like someone was having a conversation, you know?	माझ्यासाठी, असे वाटत होते की कोणीतरी संभाषण करत आहे , you know ? 
but i do think that	but i do think that 
i'm terribly sorry for getting you involved.	i 'm तुम्हाला सहभागी करून घेतल्याबद्दल अत्यंत क्षमस्व . 
you may be right about that.	you may be त्याबद्दल बरोबर . 
no, i'm not.	no , i 'm not . 
and only stop to water your horses.	and only stop तुमच्या घोड्यांना पाणी देण्यासाठी . 
and when the dead walk... the living will fill these coffins.	and जेव्हा मृत चालतात ... the living will fill these coffins . 
just forget it.	just forget it . 
there was an excoworker,terry andrews.	there was एक excoworker, टेरी अँड्र्यूज . 
which destroys the cell membranes	which destroys सेल पडदा 
can you walk okay? yeah, i can.	can you walk okay ? होय, i can . 
that's exactly what i'm saying.	that 's मी नेमके काय म्हणत आहे . 
and spit out the first thing that comes to my mind	and spit out माझ्या मनात येणारी पहिली गोष्ट 
we get ten or fewer photos, and then there's this long, flat tail.	we get ten or fewer photos , and मग ही लांब, सपाट शेपूट आहे. 
for this city lay before the doors of the greatest kingdom in middle	for this city lay मध्यभागी असलेल्या सर्वात मोठ्या राज्याच्या दारासमोर 
are you wearing kesha?	are you wearing kesha ? 
to the museum, to the restoration room.	to the museum , जीर्णोद्धार खोलीत . 
even though you can't know exactly	even though you ca n't know exactly 
so, the murder wasn't premeditated. no.	so , खून was n't premeditated . no . 
everyone, separated.	everyone , separated . 
and boy, they were like, what? why?	आणि मुलगा , they were like , what ? why ? 
why do you say it like that?	why do you say it तसे ? 
yeah, but don't come down.	yeah , but खाली येऊ नका . 
like fundamentalists of all religious stripes	like सर्व धार्मिक पट्ट्यांचे कट्टरपंथी 
neville's fantasy in the apartment, we discovered a clue that will shed new light on his confession.	neville's fantasy in the apartment , we discovered एक संकेत जो त्याच्या कबुलीजबाबावर नवीन प्रकाश टाकेल . 
your sister is still married.	तुझी बहिण is still married . 
and that's how he got hacked.	and that 's तो कसा हॅक झाला . 
my sister bringing the most vile creature ever to have walked the earth down upon me.	माझी बहीण सर्वात नीच प्राणी आणत आहे ever to have walked the earth down upon me . 
why the hell not?	का नरक not ? 
thank you.	thank you . 
you know something.	you know something . 
dead mine. colonial, probably dutch.	dead mine . colonial , probably dutch . 
how hard i worked to get all of these.	how hard i worked हे सर्व मिळविण्यासाठी . 
did you guys check in or not?	did तुम्ही लोक check in or not ? 
okay, let's take this place apart, all right?	okay , let ही जागा वेगळी काढू, all right ? 
it will give you ass cancer.	it will give you गाढव कर्करोग . 
if the lannisters were behind the attempt on the stark boy's life and it was discovered that you helped the starks come to that conclusion...	if the lannisters were behind the attempt on the stark boy's life and असा निष्कर्ष काढण्यात तुम्ही स्टार्कला मदत केली होती हे लक्षात आले... 
if they make headlines with lies, you'll make bigger headlines with truth.	जर ते खोट्याने मथळे बनवतात , you 'll make bigger headlines with truth . 
established that only about 10 percent	established that फक्त 10 टक्के 
to the precambrian world, that first microbial age	to the precambrian world , ते पहिले सूक्ष्मजीव वय 
it's fine. so did you happen to meet anyone?	it 's fine . so did you happen कोणालाही भेटण्यासाठी ? 
i trusted you.	i trusted you . 
to a mustdo.	to आवश्यक आहे . 
i realized someone was coming into the room.	i realized कोणीतरी खोलीत येत होते . 
and obviously, the much better	and obviously , the much better
you got me on that?	you got me त्यावर ? 
i, i don't really understand this whole cyanide thing, you know?	मी, मला ही सारी सायनाइड गोष्ट समजली नाही , you know ? 
sounds like it.	sounds आवडणे . 
looks like one of those new commando droids.	looks त्या नवीन कमांडो ड्रॉइड्सपैकी एक . 
and i realized that this particular configuration	and i realized that हे विशिष्ट कॉन्फिगरेशन 
that's why i continue to work, even if it's for toilet brush.	that 's why i continue to work , जरी ते टॉयलेट ब्रशसाठी असले तरीही . 
guy, the measurements.	guy , मोजमाप . 
that is what created the sasuke in front of us.	that is आमच्या समोर सासुके कशाने निर्माण केले . 
and so, i have my first slide to talk about	and so , i have बोलण्यासाठी माझी पहिली स्लाइड 
but if you can take this one piece and think about it a little differently	but if you can take this one piece and थोडा वेगळा विचार करा 
in addition, this basket is for not missing the captured enemy	in addition , this basket is पकडलेला शत्रू गमावू नये म्हणून 
i'm glad you're safe.	i 'm तुम्ही सुरक्षित आहात याचा आनंद आहे . 
no use crying over spilled milk, right mr. kanda?	सांडलेल्या दुधावर रडून उपयोग नाही , right mr. kanda ? 
he knows.	he knows . 
goku has won!	goku has won ! 
by the way, the salad fork's the small one.	by the way , सॅलड काटा the small one . 
yeah, those bitches hit her in the face. those are students, so....	yeah , those bitches hit her चेहऱ्यावर . those are विद्यार्थीच्या , so .... 
all of us, divide the flow of your human experience	all of us , divide तुमच्या मानवी अनुभवाचा प्रवाह 
no. no, no, no.	no . no , नाही, नाही. 
well, nicholas boyle attacked abigail, you.	well , nicholas boyle attacked अबीगेल, तू . 
hey, man, han's labor ain't cheap, man, you feel me?	अरे, माणसा, हानचे श्रम स्वस्त नाहीत, यार , you feel me ? 
torpedo away!	torpedo away ! 
it's in the hands of the designer.	it 's डिझायनरच्या हातात . 
jim corrigan.	jim corrigan . 
how old are you?	किती जुना are you ? 
pinhead's out cold, but watch this.	pinhead 's out cold , but हे पहा . 
thank you everyone!	thank you everyone ! 
that's my real name.	that 's माझे खरे नाव . 
kiyomori! are you saying, you don't care about your friends?	kiyomori ! are you saying , तुम्हाला तुमच्या मित्रांची काळजी नाही का? 
oh, i'm sorry...	oh , i 'm sorry ... 
for the soviet invasion i have prepared	सोव्हिएत आक्रमणासाठी i have prepared
we had to go on without a singer.	we had गायकाशिवाय पुढे जाण्यासाठी . 
please don't lose.	please do n't lose . 
rattling everything in the room.	rattling everything खोलीत . 
but at the moment, all we can imagine is sometime in the 2030s.	but at the moment , सर्व आपण कल्पना करू शकतो is sometime in the 2030s . 
that's what i said!	that 's मी काय म्हणालो ! 
you understand we need to investigate any uncleared incursions into restricted sections of the white house.	you understand आम्हाला व्हाईट हाऊसच्या प्रतिबंधित विभागांमध्ये अस्पष्ट घुसखोरी तपासण्याची आवश्यकता आहे . 
i know famous musicians	i know प्रसिद्ध संगीतकार 
it's only on paper but you are now the managing director of michinami corporation.	it 's only on paper but तुम्ही आता मिचिनामी कॉर्पोरेशनचे व्यवस्थापकीय संचालक आहात. 
you go home now, things'll only get worse.	तू आता घरी जा , things'll only get worse . 
what do you want, reverend?	what do you want , reverend ? 
is not dense compared with the really dense cities.	is not dense खरोखर दाट शहरांच्या तुलनेत . 
originally, the clone was supposed to obey this order and vanish.	originally , the clone was supposed या आदेशाचे पालन करणे आणि गायब होणे . 
director, sir...	director , सर ... 
two of my men were killed in the embassy explosion.	माझे दोन पुरुष were killed in the embassy explosion . 
to my neighbourhood.	to माझा शेजार . 
can you get some sleep?	can you get काही झोप ? 
good answer!	good answer ! 
can i have her number?	can i have तिचा नंबर ? 
please open it after we see mr. doi's video	please open it after we see श्री. doi चा व्हिडिओ 
we'll find out by taking one look at the dragon radar.	we 'll find out ड्रॅगन रडारवर एक नजर टाकून . 
in the himalayas	in हिमालय 
explain to me what the hell's going on here.	explain to me इथे काय चालले आहे . 
if you'd actually told us about your plan in advance, we'd have had time to get here.	जर तुम्ही आम्हाला तुमच्या योजनेबद्दल आगाऊ सांगितले असते , we 'd have had time to get here . 
oh, lord e in, come in.	oh , प्रभु ई मध्ये , come in . 
god damn.	god धिक्कार 
hey, give me that.	hey , give me that . 
which means, that wasn't the 'akuryo no kagi'. too bad...next.	which means , ती &#39;आकुर्यो नाही कागी&#39; नव्हती . too bad ... next . 
i will be the one to have all seven balls!	i will be ज्याला सर्व सात चेंडू आहेत ! 
they say that musashi miyamoto was able to catch a fly with his chopsticks.	they say तो मुसाशी मियामोटो त्याच्या चॉपस्टिक्सने माशी पकडू शकला . 
but only with each other's help.	but only with एकमेकांची मदत . 
are you being sarcastic?	are you being sarcastic ? 
hi, i'm hank schrader.	hi , i 'm हँक श्रेडर . 
he wanted to make your death look like deep vein thrombosis.	he wanted तुमचा मृत्यू डीप व्हेन थ्रोम्बोसिस सारखा दिसण्यासाठी . 
they just want me.	they just want me . 
which tower you plan to attack with the volm. tell me the plan.	you plan कोणत्या टॉवरवर व्हॉल्मने हल्ला करायचा . tell me योजना . 
good!	good ! 
won't have to miss me that much.	wo n't have मला खूप मिस करण्यासाठी . 
don't think about any other movements.	do n't think इतर कोणत्याही हालचालींबद्दल . 
to nonstate actors.	to nonstate अभिनेते . 
for a single moment, or even a specific trip.	for एक क्षण, किंवा अगदी विशिष्ट सहल . 
drinking them.	drinking them . 
the overnight delivery guy already i.d.'d you as the guy who signed for those tickets.	the overnight delivery guy already i.d . 'd त्या तिकिटांवर स्वाक्षरी करणारा माणूस म्हणून तुम्ही आहात . 
but our oxygen was going down faster	but आमचा ऑक्सिजन was going down faster 
it's a ring. organized burglary.	it 's अंगठी . organized burglary . 
i asked gabriel to close it.	i asked gabriel ते बंद करण्यासाठी . 
you are my friend, natsumedono.	you are माझा मित्र, नात्सुमेडोनो . 
when he learns of our bravery, the polaris king will surely awaken and rush to our aid!	जेव्हा त्याला आमच्या शौर्याबद्दल कळते , the polaris king will surely awaken and rush to our aid ! 
will is doing his best to understand where he is and why.	will is doing his best तो कुठे आहे आणि का आहे हे समजून घेण्यासाठी . 
and bill, if you're here, nobody thinks you're megalomaniacal.	and bill , तुम्ही इथे असाल तर , nobody thinks you're megalomaniacal . 
iced tea.	iced tea . 
all you have to do is get a son in the stark girl.	all you have to do is कडक मुलीला मुलगा मिळवा . 
and basically what the insect has to do	and basically the insect has काय करायचं 
around the world, and now people of all ages, using hyperscore.	around the world , and हायपरस्कोर वापरून आता सर्व वयोगटातील लोक . 
i don't know.	i do n't know . 
was i gonna be able to take care of her?	was i gon तिची काळजी घेण्यास सक्षम नाही ? 
sandra, i'm here. can you hear me?	sandra , i 'm here . can you hear me ? 
nope. not at all.	nope . not at all . 
sometimes you get it wrong. next time you do better.	sometimes you get ते चुकीचे आहे . पुढच्या वेळेस you do better . 
now these musical instruments	now these musical instruments
out of the way! out of the way! out of the way!	out मार्गाच्या ! out मार्गाच्या ! out मार्गाच्या ! 
why didn't you start half an hour ago?	why did n't you start अर्ध्या तासापूर्वी ? 
as you know	as you know
the path forward is really pretty clear.	पुढे जाणारा मार्ग is really pretty clear . 
i'm the... i'm the guy.	i 'm the ... i 'm मुलगा . 
birthday?	birthday ? 
we don't know what the chair does, but birkhoff recognized this.	we do n't know खुर्ची काय करते , but birkhoff recognized this. 
and when they've doubled in size, you'll see them split	and जेव्हा ते आकाराने दुप्पट होतात , you 'll see them split 
i brought you a pokkin. why?	i brought you मला माफ करा . why ? 
business is at the front of my mind too.	business is माझ्या मनाच्या समोर too . 
stop filming.	stop filming . 
are you in your bedroom?	are you तुमच्या बेडरूममध्ये ? 
you'll fuck it up if you're too tense.	you 'll fuck it up जर तुम्ही खूप तणावात असाल . 
if mao had never finished the contract, wouldn't that be okay?	जर माओने करार कधीच पूर्ण केला नसता, would n't that be okay ? 
actually, i have something for you.	actually , i have something तुमच्यासाठी . 
and people do terrible things in wars.	and people do भयानक गोष्टी in wars . 
elijah, if not answering your phone was part of your clever plan to get me back to this godforsaken city, then well done.	elijah , if not answering your phone was मला या देव सोडून गेलेल्या शहरात परत आणण्यासाठी तुमच्या चतुर योजनेचा एक भाग , then well done . 
the way that we think about the nature of biology.	the way की आपण जीवशास्त्राच्या स्वरूपाचा विचार करतो . 
the machine's given me a mission, and step one is to team up with you.	the machine 's given me a mission , and पहिली पायरी म्हणजे तुमच्यासोबत एकत्र येणे. 
killing your ex elliot!	killing तुमचा माजी इलियट ! 
now, if we're talking	now , if we 're talking
what are you talking about! tama was saved.	are you talking त्याबद्दल काय ! tama was saved . 
and, you know, if you think about this with the tsunami	and , you know , जर तुम्ही त्सुनामीचा विचार केला तर 
is that what i was born for?	is that मी कशासाठी जन्मलो ? 
and ethnic conflicts in particular	and ethnic conflicts विशेषतः 
no... no...	no ... नाही ... 
and that's how we're getting in.	and that 's आम्ही कसे प्रवेश करत आहोत . 
queen consolidated, how may i help you? they're in the conference room.	राणी एकत्रित , how may i help you ? they 're कॉन्फरन्स रूममध्ये . 
and of the killing of makabe manami the other day is me.	and गेल्या मनामी च्या हत्या the other day is me . 
children are pure and innocent.	children are शुद्ध आणि निर्दोष . 
i don't know where it's coming from.	i do n't know ते कुठून येत आहे . 
something trivial like that when we're eating.	something trivial like that आम्ही जेवतो तेव्हा . 
i am sorry too ...?	i am sorry too ... ? 
and to school sometimes	and to शाळा sometimes 
not staying in touch, that's coldhearted.	संपर्कात राहत नाही , that 's coldhearted . 
sensual.	sensual . 
like your father	like तुझे वडिल 
well, actually...	well , प्रत्यक्षात... 
and for future expansion of the menu items	and for मेनू आयटमचा भविष्यातील विस्तार 
but it's cooled off now.	but it 's cooled off now . 
the day that yukio died	the day की युकिओ मरण पावला 
could it be that simple?	could it be ते सोपे ? 
i'm good.	i 'm good . 
you're the f.b.i.	you 're एफबीआय . 
moreover, as everyone knows	moreover , सर्वांना माहीत आहे म्हणून 
but what if what they both said is true?	but what if ते दोघे काय म्हणाले is true ? 
if you overwork yourself, i'll be punishing you, misaki.	जर तुम्ही स्वतःहून जास्त काम केले तर , i 'll be punishing you, misaki . 
oh my god!	oh my god ! 
well, now that you mention it, i think it is.	well , आता तुम्ही त्याचा उल्लेख केलात , i think it is . 
i apologize.	i apologize . 
suspension.	suspension . 
i said, what kind of salts of potassium do you have? you know.	i said , तुमच्याकडे पोटॅशियमचे कोणत्या प्रकारचे क्षार आहेत ? you know . 
can make this change in me	can make हा बदल in me 
it now must be better than the other.	it now must be इतर पेक्षा चांगले . 
mikaela, do not touch it, okay?	mikaela, स्पर्श करू नका , okay ? 
i have a lecture coming up so if you can keep it short.	i have a lecture coming up म्हणून जर तुम्ही ते लहान ठेवू शकता . 
mm! almost forgot... final dessert treat.	mm! almost forgot ... अंतिम मिष्टान्न उपचार . 
and then i realized...	and then i realized ... 
were out of coffee!	were कॉफी बाहेर ! 
and the neighbors check out.	and शेजारी check out . 
so open the door.	so open दार . 
assault with intent.	assault हेतूने . 
i saw steven too.	i saw steven too . 
ah debussy	ah debussy
i've written an entire novel about her	i 've written तिच्याबद्दल एक संपूर्ण कादंबरी 
you cannot offer me this ring!	you can not offer me ही अंगठी ! 
then how come you learned how to shoot so good?	then how come you learned इतके चांगले कसे शूट करावे ? 
oh, put her in a home	oh , put her एका घरात 
it was really hard at first! i could barely move at all!	it was खरोखर कठीण at first ! i could barely move अजिबात ! 
i want a tattoo.	i want एक टॅटू . 
did you see the victim in conflict with anyone during your rescue?	did you see कोणाशीही संघर्षात पीडित during your rescue ? 
she doesn't mean to hurt him, but children don't always realize how violent they can be.	she does n't mean to hurt him , but ते किती हिंसक असू शकतात हे मुलांना नेहमीच कळत नाही. 
at a certain point in the video	at व्हिडिओमधील एक विशिष्ट मुद्दा 
i decided not to go.	i decided जाण्यासाठी नाही . 
who hurt dylan?	who hurt dylan ? 
could this have been printed with that?	could this have been printed त्या बरोबर ? 
you're so weird. [ sighs ]	you 're किती विचित्र . [ sighs ] 
are you leaving?	are you leaving ? 
i'm going to release it on a broadcast.	i 'm going प्रसारित करण्यासाठी . 
so where have you been this time?	so where have you been या वेळी ? 
and i wanted to turn around and get back to that street more quickly	and i wanted वळणे आणि त्या रस्त्यावर परत जाणे 
sanghamitra told me just last week	sanghamitra told me फक्त गेल्या आठवड्यात 
i have been watching you forever	i have been watching you forever 
it's all right, it's all right.	सगळे ठीक आहे , it 's all right . 
sakuragi, don't do it...	sakuragi , do n't do it ... 
she had her mole removed when she changed her look.	she had her mole removed जेव्हा तिने तिचा लूक बदलला . 
full quarantine failsafe.	full विलग्नवास failsafe . 
what were you two doing there?	काय होते you two doing there ? 
and we think it might have been his cocktail.	and we think हे त्याचे कॉकटेल असावे . 
we read you, raptor 47, loud and clear.	we read you , रॅप्टर 47, जोरात आणि स्पष्ट . 
why would a doctor keep prenatal vitamins in a safe?	why would a doctor keep prenatal vitamins सुरक्षित मध्ये ? 
boom! can i see that again?	boom ! can i see that again ? 
as we will be visible from the milky way as a tiny little puff of smoke.	as we will be visible from the milky way धुराचा एक छोटासा पफ म्हणून . 
you stay.	you stay . 
lord commander.	lord commander . 
it's written he as in fart, do as in angry, and ro as in robinmask.	it 's written he as in fart , रागावल्याप्रमाणे करा आणि रॉबिनमास्कप्रमाणे करा . 
even if i'm not... here.	even if i 'm not ... here . 
you are not the boss of me.	you are not माझा बॉस . 
found some horses and a whole lot of weapons for some nasty hand to hand.	found काही घोडे आणि अनेक शस्त्रे . 
then you kill him.	then you kill him . 
you're in tribes here. hopefully you're extending the reach	you 're जमाती मध्ये here . hopefully you 're extending पोहोच 
you want some help?	you want काही मदत ? 
killing michonne	killing michonne 
of what i have to get a feel just like this?	of मला यासारखे काय अनुभवायचे आहे ? 
you know i don't fuck around.	तुम्हाला माहीत आहे i do n't fuck around . 
my leg! aah aah aah!	my leg ! aah aah aah ! 
the first time i heard that, i thought, what a lame thing to say	मी ते पहिल्यांदा ऐकले , i thought , what a lame thing to say 
it wasn't that the more religious people	it was n't that अधिक धार्मिक लोक 
we need real people.	we need वास्तविक लोक . 
is less than five percent.	is पाच टक्क्यांपेक्षा कमी . 
for the entire duration of the eight seconds.	for आठ सेकंदांचा संपूर्ण कालावधी . 
he worked out of a basement lab in harvard doing research for a toothpaste company.	he worked हार्वर्डमधील तळघर प्रयोगशाळेच्या बाहेर doing research for a toothpaste company . 
if you want me to help, then beat me in	मी मदत करू इच्छित असल्यास , then beat me in 
they're just covering their asses.	they 're just covering त्यांची गाढवे . 
mobilise s.t.r.l.k.e. units, 25th floor.	mobilise strlke . units , 25 वा मजला . 
or store their data in clouds like icloud	or store their data iCloud सारख्या ढगांमध्ये 
and protect you with all of her life?	and protect you तिच्या संपूर्ण आयुष्यासह ? 
and uh... with her... down to her bottom underwear.	and uh ... तिच्याबरोबर... down to her bottom underwear . 
what you	what you 
stop ! i need a break !	stop ! i need विश्रांती ! 
it's worth paying a substantial premium	it 's भरीव प्रीमियम भरण्यासारखे आहे 
is going to be an absolute part of this work.	is going या कामाचा पूर्ण भाग होण्यासाठी . 
it's just...	it 's just ... 
the sun puts out a certain amount of energy	the sun puts out विशिष्ट प्रमाणात ऊर्जा 
that's why i already told you it's impossible.	that 's मी तुम्हाला आधीच का सांगितले की हे अशक्य आहे . 
go...	go ... 
can you hear me? what happened?	can you hear me ? what happened ? 
ce n'est pas fini.	ते नाही pas fini . 
i am still a police officer. do you want to catch him or not?	i am still पोलिस अधिकारी . do you want त्याला पकडण्यासाठी किंवा नाही ? 
i want you to collect all the balls on this practice range.	i want आपण या सराव श्रेणीतील सर्व चेंडू गोळा करू शकता . 
her mother, melissa, has been invited to join live aboard so that we may access her daughter's dna.	her mother, melissa, has been invited to join live aboard जेणेकरून आम्ही तिच्या मुलीच्या डीएनएमध्ये प्रवेश करू शकू . 
that's okay.	that 's okay . 
more recent than from the fight with the producer. you know	more recent निर्मात्याशी भांडण करण्यापेक्षा . you know
this time, it's really farewell.	या वेळी , it 's really farewell . 
stopped taking their medicine or otherwise defaulted on treatment.	stopped त्यांचे औषध घेणे किंवा अन्यथा उपचारात चूक . 
just let it be,man.	just let असेल, man . 
they found cyanide in her pur...	they found तिच्या पुर मध्ये सायनाइड ... 
life stream dragon's effect activates!	जीवन प्रवाह ड्रॅगन प्रभाव activates ! 
just like these two.	just like ते दोन . 
i'm paraphrasing.	i 'm paraphrasing . 
what the hell happened?	what नरक happened ? 
that and your tea.	that and तुमचा चहा . 
want something?	want something ? 
and our children have grown up and went their own ways.	and our children have grown up and आपापल्या मार्गाने गेले . 
oh yeah that's right	oh yeah that 's right 
he crossed the limits of his boosted gear activation.	he crossed त्याच्या वाढलेल्या गियर सक्रियतेच्या मर्यादा . 
look, i was thinking maybe, you know, me and you go check out a movie or something.	look , i was thinking maybe , you know , मी आणि तू चित्रपट किंवा काहीतरी बघायला जाऊ . 
i knew...	i knew ... 
how unfortunate, lancer.	किती दुर्दैवी , lancer . 
i'm a family friend.	i 'm एक कौटुंबिक मित्र . 
he was looking at his hands the whole time he was talking.	he was looking at his hands संपूर्ण वेळ तो बोलत होता . 
because i'll always be at your side	because i 'll always be तुझ्या बाजुने 
you're not even 30, set for life.	you 're not even 30 , जीवनासाठी सेट करा . 
you're not exactly looking for a singular fact anymore	you 're not exactly looking एकल वस्तुस्थितीसाठी anymore 
heichan... you've been tender	heichan ... you 've been tender 
you didn't go to peter and the wolf.	you did n't go पीटर आणि लांडग्याला . 
it was makidani counsellor' old phone number.	it was समुपदेशकाच्या जुन्या फोन नंबरशी संपर्क साधा . 
yes. it's not far from here.	yes . it 's not येथून लांब . 
buchikowase break & peace	बुचिकोवासे break & peace 
but actually...	but actually ... 
i'll do anything, so please! spare my daughter...	मी काहीही करेन, so please ! spare माझी मुलगी ... 
sara... why did you come back?	sara ... why did you come back ? 
to a sort of a planetary force here... some dark, terrible, incomprehensible force.	येथे एक प्रकारची ग्रह शक्ती ... some dark , terrible , incomprehensible force . 
he wants you dead, and he will attempt to have you so.	he wants you dead , and तो तुमच्यासाठी तसा प्रयत्न करेल. 
now we will have a greeting from the graduating class.	now we will have पदवीधर वर्गाकडून अभिवादन . 
if you might remember anything about it.	if you might remember anything त्याबद्दल . 
the night we trapped the reverseflash	रात्र we trapped the reverseflash 
he always gets drunk and falls.	he always gets नशेत आणि पडते . 
so the dea wouldn't look into it	so डीए would n't look into it 
but i do think it's possible...	but i do think हे शक्य आहे ... 
just an advertisement sign.	just an जाहिरात sign . 
do you know, this morning	do you know , आज सकाळी 
i need to get back quickly	i need पटकन परत येण्यासाठी 
well, don't act girly.	well , do n't act girly . 
collapsing all of a sudden like that.	collapsing असे अचानक . 
the paintings were taken off the walls of your family home and carefully transported to the belvedere.	the paintings were taken off आपल्या कुटुंबाच्या भिंती home and carefully transported to the belvedere . 
his uncle has a training camp near there. in gosa.	his uncle has एक प्रशिक्षण शिबिर near there . in gosa . 
i had an entire house before, detached and all but i was just tired of the lawn care, upkeep and whatnot.	i had an entire house before , detached and all but मी फक्त लॉनची निगा, देखभाल आणि काहीही करून थकलो होतो. 
with this patient as soon as she was admitted.	with this patient तिला दाखल होताच . 
why didn't you tell us?	why did n't you tell us ? 
and there's your redhead.	and there 's तुमचा रेडहेड . 
oh, yeah, yeah, it's over there.	अरे हो, yeah , it 's over there . 
beast... with michel?	beast ... मिशेल सह ? 
he's all soft and squishy and malleable.	he 's all मऊ आणि स्क्विशी आणि निंदनीय . 
next item. okay.	next item . okay . 
in that case, it's good to see you too.	in that case , it 's good तुला पण भेटण्यासाठी . 
dumb luck and bad bookkeeping.	dumb luck and खराब हिशोब . 
thiswascistat...	thiswascistat ... 
thanks for the meal!	thanks जेवणासाठी ! 
oldschool gangster and allaround scumbag.	oldschool gangster and आजूबाजूला सर्व काही बदमाश . 
believe you?	believe you ? 
fireworks, fireworks!	fireworks , फटाके ! 
and look at this, okay?	and look at this , ठीक आहे? 
but i can not shoot if i eat it	but i can not shoot मी ते खाल्ल्यास 
you with the police?	you पोलिसांसोबत ? 
this guy doing it.	हा माणूस doing it . 
i thought that my way of doing things were the best	i thought माझ्या गोष्टी करण्याची पद्धत सर्वोत्तम होती 
we're dividing up into two?	we 're dividing up दोन मध्ये ? 
that would be a department of justice	that would be न्याय विभाग 
so, is it out on a trip? or not?	so , is it out प्रवासात ? or not ? 
hi. nice to meet you,michael.	hi . nice तुला भेटायला, मायकेल . 
reed.	reed . 
why don't you come sit down with me?	why do n't you come माझ्याबरोबर बसा? 
i won't let my children face any hardships	i wo n't let माझ्या मुलांना कोणत्याही अडचणींचा सामना करावा लागतो 
and on my weekends i would go up, just like all the other tourists	and on my weekends i would go up , इतर सर्व पर्यटकांप्रमाणेच 
your work has been very impressive so far.	आपले कार्य has been very impressive so far . 
the emergence of the design profession	the emergence डिझाइन व्यवसायाचे 
the problem is that when you look about the west	the problem is that जेव्हा तुम्ही पश्चिमेकडे पाहता 
in a difficult time.	in एक कठीण वेळ . 
all right! i'll fight!	all right ! i 'll fight ! 
if i was a father to any of my children, they'd be stoned in the streets.	जर मी माझ्या मुलांपैकी कोणाचा पिता असतो , they 'd be stoned in the streets . 
create the drugs and industrial molecules we want	create आम्हाला हवी असलेली औषधे आणि औद्योगिक रेणू 
might be able to narrow down a location using triangulation.	might be त्रिकोण वापरून स्थान कमी करण्यास सक्षम . 
i can't see, flo. you're getting a little too...	i ca n't see , flo . you 're getting थोडेसे too ... 
my dad's gonna be back.	माझ्या वडिलांचे gon na be back . 
you can walk with me to scotland!	you can walk माझ्याबरोबर to scotland ! 
lights out.	lights out . 
ii'm fine.	ii'm fine . 
replaced in the name of progress.	replaced प्रगतीच्या नावाखाली . 
and there stood two boys, each about 19, in white, starched shortsleeved shirts	and there stood दोन मुले, प्रत्येकी सुमारे 19, in white, starched shortsleeved shirts 
what are they teaching these kids	what are they teaching ही मुले 
will do.	will do . 
oh, i'm sorry. it's okay.	oh , i 'm sorry . it 's okay . 
and context, what is really context?	and संदर्भ , what is really context ? 
and on a saturday night in marylebone	and on मेरीलेबोनमध्ये शनिवारी रात्री 
oh, i know! it's tanigawa!	oh , i know ! it 's तानिगावा ! 
i don't know, you're the expert.	i do n't know , तुम्ही तज्ञ आहात . 
hold it.	hold it . 
the world 's best guy! well the hotel lunch	जगाचे best guy ! well the हॉटेल lunch
how do you mean?	how do you mean ? 
i'm tired.	i 'm tired . 
work up whatever you can.	work up आपण जे करू शकता . 
no, that's not it. that's not it.	no , that 's not it . that 's not it . 
listen! right now it's impossible	listen ! ताबडतोब it 's impossible 
i hope if there is a result that kissed.	i hope चुंबन घेतले असा परिणाम असल्यास . 
am i free to go?	am i जाण्यासाठी मोकळे ? 
you'll definitely become a good nurse.	you 'll definitely become एक चांगली नर्स . 
and isn't that what your facemash was about?	and is n't that तुझा फेसमॅश काय होता ? 
what is it this time?	what is it या वेळी ? 
you poured your father's remains in and closed it.	you poured तुमच्या वडिलांचे अवशेष आहेत and closed it . 
