EN-Sentence	ENTE-CS
or the relative risk of drugs	or the relative risk ఔషధాల 
gail, are you drunk?	gail , are you drunk ? 
be careful.	be careful . 
last withdrawal was five days ago.	last withdrawal was ఐదు రోజుల క్రితం . 
unless i kill myself and complete your story.	unless i kill myself and మీ కథను పూర్తి చేయండి . 
in crossborder crime?	in సరిహద్దు నేరం ? 
let's connect the public to this activity right on their iphone.	let వారి iphone లోనే ఈ కార్యకలాపానికి పబ్లిక్‌ను కనెక్ట్ చేయండి . 
then, if you want, you can follow me.	then , మీకు కావాలంటే , you can follow me . 
i don't care about the reasons.	i do n't care కారణాల గురించి . 
yeah, i promise!	yeah , i promise ! 
dynamite, tnt, mercury fulminate.	dynamite , tnt, mercury fulminate . 
we're going to sell the house! everyone is rattled.	we 're going ఇల్లు అమ్మడానికి ! everyone is rattled . 
we're done.	we 're done . 
now that you have your phone out	now మీరు మీ ఫోన్ బయట పెట్టారని 
don't you do it! don't you fucking do it!	do n't you do it ! నువ్వు ఫకింగ్ చేయకు do it ! 
who are regularly forced by family court judges	who are regularly forced కుటుంబ న్యాయస్థానం న్యాయమూర్తుల ద్వారా 
and of course, there's still the planning to do.	and of course , there 's still చేయడానికి ప్రణాళిక . 
no, of course. no matter. no.	no , of కోర్సు . no matter . no . 
and when the exterminators take you away... you never come back!	and నిర్మూలన చేసేవారు మిమ్మల్ని తీసుకెళ్లినప్పుడు ... you never come back ! 
that is our ...	that is our ... 
you still thinking retrovirus?	you still thinking రెట్రోవైరస్ ? 
yuri? yuri!	yuri ? yuri ! 
i want to get a girlfriend somehow before christmas.	i want క్రిస్మస్ ముందు ఎలాగైనా స్నేహితురాలిని పొందడం . 
you've been at the bottom of a bottle for four years.	you 've been నాలుగు సంవత్సరాలు బాటిల్ దిగువన . 
legoprovided cad program isn't enough	లెగోప్రొవైడెడ్ క్యాడ్ ప్రోగ్రామ్ is n't enough 
it's an act of therapy.	it 's చికిత్స యొక్క చర్య . 
there's no audience in the theater. look, it's totally empty.	there 's థియేటర్‌లో ప్రేక్షకులు లేరు . look , it 's పూర్తిగా ఖాళీ . 
are there any general conclusions that arise?	are there ఉత్పన్నమయ్యే ఏదైనా సాధారణ తీర్మానాలు ? 
what? is something in my teeth? oh, no!	what? is నా పళ్ళలో ఏదో ? oh , లేదు ! 
in order so that the bird could properly be wrapped ...	క్రమంలో so that the bird could properly be wrapped ... 
and again this video was taken right after my daughter was born	and again this video was taken నా కూతురు పుట్టిన వెంటనే 
i suppose old mother trentham... will have her begging bowl out while she's here.	i suppose old mother trentham ... ఆమె ఇక్కడ ఉన్నప్పుడు ఆమె భిక్షాటన గిన్నెను బయటకు పంపుతుంది . 
i don't have the confidence to fight the company.	i do n't have సంస్థతో పోరాడగల విశ్వాసం . 
why not?	why not ? 
not the flowers of yesterday	not the flowers నిన్నటి 
recently, fake blood looks real.	recently , నకిలీ రక్తం looks real . 
don't move. ii can explain.	do n't move . ii can explain . 
what? no, not jacob like the name	what ? no , not jacob పేరు ఇష్టం 
strange. and what about the whole...	strange . and what about మొత్తం ... 
chrome...	chrome ... 
well, the verdict hasn't been read yet, so technically, it's still on.	సరే, తీర్పు ఇంకా చదవలేదు, so technically , it 's still on . 
metrics provides more numerical views on the data.	metrics provides డేటాపై మరిన్ని సంఖ్యా వీక్షణలు . 
we can go.	we can go . 
i stayed on course. they must have it on the move again.	i stayed కోర్సులో . they must have it కదలికలో again . 
victor tellegio's people, who run resorts international...	victor tellegio's people , అంతర్జాతీయ రిసార్ట్‌లను నిర్వహిస్తున్నారు ... 
oh, you feel protective of her, don't you?	ఓహ్, మీరు ఆమెకు రక్షణగా ఉన్నట్లు అనిపిస్తుంది , do n't you ? 
i think we may have misread this situation.	i think మనం ఈ పరిస్థితిని తప్పుగా చదివి ఉండవచ్చు . 
can only the rich	can only the rich
miyukisensei's not in	miyukisensei 's not in 
what does not mean protective clothing! it is over if you go to bushsuri.	what does not mean రక్షణ దుస్తులు ! it is over మీరు బుష్సూరికి వెళితే . 
together!	together ! 
tsukishiro and hakuren are both rukia's attacks.	tsukishiro and hakuren are రెండు రుకియా దాడులు . 
he couldn't get us right the first time, edith?	he could n't get us right మొదటి సారి, edith ? 
because the chinese government wanted to figure out	because చైనా ప్రభుత్వం wanted to figure out 
well, you should start now.	well , you should start now . 
a killer?	a killer ? 
this is an oasis for the fathers, okay!	ఇది తండ్రులకు ఒయాసిస్ , okay ! 
m.h. m.h. m.h...	mhmh m.h ... 
it actually uses its tail too	it actually uses దాని తోక too 
goku! what should i do?!	goku ! what should i do ? ! 
oh, no worries.	oh , no worries . 
watch tv or something.	watch టీవీ లేదా ఏదైనా . 
of this philosophy.	of ఈ తత్వశాస్త్రం . 
who knows?	who knows ? 
you know, there's actually a warehouse just up here.	you know , there 's actually ఇక్కడ ఒక గిడ్డంగి ఉంది . 
so you quit school and quit looking for work and decided to become a chef.	so you quit school and quit looking for work and చెఫ్ కావాలని నిర్ణయించుకున్నాడు . 
yeah, like 53 years.	yeah , 53 సంవత్సరాల వంటి . 
yeah. yeah, maybe.	yeah . yeah , maybe . 
i did.	i did . 
can i ask something else?	can i ask ఇంకేదో ? 
man, times are sure changing.	man , సమయాలు ఉన్నాయి sure changing . 
that was...	that was ... 
what was with those sweaters?	what was ఆ స్వెటర్లతో ? 
this body to the earth	this body భూమికి 
you be careful, okay?	మీరు జాగ్రత్తగా ఉండండి , okay ? 
this is an illusion, and even though	this is ఒక భ్రమ , and even though 
well that fundamental sense of oneness	well that fundamental sense ఏకత్వం యొక్క 
what are you talking about?!	are you talking గురించి ? ! 
i can't take this.	i ca n't take this . 
that they get found out instead.	that they get found out instead . 
who's a fish?	who 's ఒక చేప ? 
get those vehicles out of the way!	get those vehicles దారి తప్పింది ! 
makochan and rabikun's drawing course	makochan and రాబికున్ డ్రాయింగ్ కోర్సు 
please give him good luck. okay, thanks.	please give him అదృష్టం . okay , ధన్యవాదాలు . 
what's what?	what 's what ? 
well, come in.	well , come in . 
you don't look any worse for wear after your showdown with vega.	you do n't look any worse for wear వేగాతో మీ షోడౌన్ తర్వాత . 
i don't know. talkin' about makin' the maze a protected zone.	i do n't know . talkin ' చిట్టడవిని రక్షిత జోన్‌గా మార్చడం గురించి . 
yes, sir. hey.	yes , సార్ . hey . 
what kind of planning?	what kind ప్రణాళిక యొక్క ? 
if i find something, i'll contact you.	నేను ఏదైనా కనుగొంటే , i 'll contact you . 
if we can build more function	if we can build మరింత ఫంక్షన్ 
i mean...	i mean ... 
i'm amazed you didn't notice.	i 'm మీరు గమనించకపోవడం ఆశ్చర్యంగా ఉంది . 
space and time, which is so much more accessible to us?	space and time , ఇది మనకు మరింత అందుబాటులో ఉంటుంది ? 
stevie, code seven, gold dust.	stevie , కోడ్ ఏడు, gold dust . 
oh, is that so. ah!	oh , is that so . ah ! 
people dropping to the ground.	people నేలమీద పడుతోంది . 
you must be looking at me as a pitiful guy.	you must be looking at me ఒక పిటిఫుల్ వ్యక్తిగా . 
i missed god's pr esence.	i missed దేవుని ఉనికి . 
and there is a fierce upward mobility in their very nature.	and there is వారి స్వభావములోనే తీవ్రమైన పైకి కదలిక . 
and i look at a beautiful bowl of fruit	and i look పండు యొక్క అందమైన గిన్నె వద్ద 
the following year, i bore my first child...	వచ్చే సంవత్సరం , i bore my first child ... 
what do we do?	what do we do ? 
so he was smart.	so he was smart . 
who are you? walt and laura bishop, their daughter's the missing girl.	who are you ? walt and laura bishop, వారి కూతురు తప్పిపోయిన అమ్మాయి . 
yes, call me back and let me know you're okay.	yes , call me back and మీరు బాగానే ఉన్నారని నాకు తెలియజేయండి . 
you cannot do anything against the power that	you can not do anything శక్తికి వ్యతిరేకంగా that 
did you never think it strange?	did you never think అది వింత ? 
is that all right with you?	is that మీతో బాగానే ఉంది ? 
so they're not a donation.	so they 're not ఒక విరాళం . 
that safe has a sixnumber wheel pack with a doubleaction fence.	that safe has డబుల్ యాక్షన్ ఫెన్స్‌తో కూడిన సిక్స్‌నంబర్ వీల్ ప్యాక్ . 
sure i'm affected.	sure నేను ప్రభావితమయ్యాను . 
a skillful lawyer a presiding judge who fears false charges	a skillful lawyer తప్పుడు ఆరోపణలకు భయపడే ప్రిసైడింగ్ న్యాయమూర్తి 
welcome back. guess what, trunks.	welcome back . guess ఏమి, ట్రంక్లు . 
he knows now. drive, finch.	he knows now . drive , ఫించ్ . 
leave it to the old master of sales.	leave it పాత మాస్టర్ ఆఫ్ సేల్స్ కు . 
watch and learn	watch and learn 
he disappeared.	he disappeared . 
that encounter will be in a good place	that encounter will be మంచి ప్రదేశంలో 
you are a good soldier, tup. it's time to go now.	you are ఒక మంచి సైనికుడు, టప్ . it 's ఇప్పుడు వెళ్ళడానికి సమయం . 
we need to start the sodra immediately.	we need సోడ్రాను వెంటనే ప్రారంభించండి . 
takes quite this approach	takes చాలా ఈ విధానం 
god medallion court of arms !	god medallion court ఆయుధాల ! 
yes, we can avenge them.	yes , we can avenge them . 
this jazz killer	this జాజ్ killer
long, long ago...	long , long ago ... 
i don't know. evelyn doesn't let me have any food that's not vegan.	i do n't know . evelyn does n't let నా దగ్గర శాకాహారం లేని ఏదైనా ఆహారం ఉంది . 
someone will always be by my side.	someone will always be నా దగ్గరి నుండి . 
our lives are not our own, from womb to tomb, we're bound to others.	మా జీవితాలు మా స్వంతం కాదు, గర్భం నుండి సమాధి వరకు , we 're bound to others . 
when i was your boss at rio bravo, i had your back.	నేను రియో బ్రావోలో మీ బాస్‌గా ఉన్నప్పుడు , i had your back . 
it'll play. that's good stuff.	it 'll play . that 's మంచి సరుకు . 
what do we do?	what do we do ? 
ah! what? excuse me. you know me	ah ! what ? excuse me . you know me 
the judge will never let it get past that	the judge will never let అది దాటిపోతుంది that 
and they put in the computer technology	and they put in కంప్యూటర్ టెక్నాలజీ 
do you think you can do that attorney work?	do you think మీరు ఆ అటార్నీ పని చేయవచ్చు ? 
they intend to go straight through the forest.	they intend నేరుగా అడవి గుండా వెళ్ళడానికి . 
just get the fertilizer, thomas.	just get ఎరువులు, థామస్ . 
but you know what?	but you know what ? 
no. really.	సంఖ్య really . 
oh well, it's probably just coincidence.	oh well , it 's probably కేవలం యాదృచ్చికం . 
environment is important.	పర్యావరణం is important . 
it will be easier to explain after i show you this.	it will be నేను దీన్ని మీకు చూపించిన తర్వాత వివరించడం సులభం . 
regrettably, complete purification has yet to be confirmed.	regrettably , complete purification has yet ద్రువికరించాలి . 
hide and seek.	hide and seek . 
stop! my child is...	stop ! నా బిడ్డ is ... 
they've never met him.	they 've never met him . 
you gave me fucking keys.	you gave me ఫకింగ్ కీలు . 
love...	love ... 
hiding in the forests	hiding అడవులలో 
unicorn!	unicorn ! 
you can rule the north in his name.	you can rule the north అతని పేరు మీద . 
what's wrong?	what 's wrong ? 
you can't imagine how much detail we know about brains.	you ca n't imagine మెదడు గురించి మనకు ఎంత వివరాలు తెలుసు . 
when 100 million sperm swim for 72 hours and...	when 100 million sperm swim 72 గంటల పాటు and ... 
tsukuda kohei is now a respectable company president	tsukuda kohei is now ఒక గౌరవనీయమైన కంపెనీ అధ్యక్షుడు 
okay, let's cut some cake.	okay , let కొంత కేక్ కట్ చేసాడు . 
and it would be possible to have nationwide satellite radio	and it would be possible to have దేశవ్యాప్తంగా ఉపగ్రహ రేడియో 
why don't you just tell me?	why do n't you just tell me ? 
yeah. this is a custom version of a terahertz frequency transponder and limiter.	yeah . this is టెరాహెర్ట్జ్ ఫ్రీక్వెన్సీ ట్రాన్స్‌పాండర్ మరియు లిమిటర్ యొక్క అనుకూల వెర్షన్ . 
i've been walking the mystic path	i 've been walking ఆధ్యాత్మిక మార్గం 
but i did say a really bad word to him	but i did say నిజంగా చెడ్డ పదం to him 
jirousan. can you help me look for niichan for the time being?	jirousan . can you help నేను ప్రస్తుతానికి నీచాన్ కోసం వెతుకుతున్నాను ? 
i barely survived.	i barely survived . 
daikansama, it's show time.	daikansama , it 's సమయం చూపించు . 
ok, for interviewing, like this	ok , ఇంటర్వ్యూ కోసం, ఇలా 
but right now...	but right now ... 
to help save these birds.	to help ఈ పక్షులను రక్షించండి . 
but it's not too late.	but it 's not చాలా ఆలస్యం . 
i know you will.	i know మీరు చేస్తాను . 
mom must be crazy... even if i need money...	అమ్మ must be crazy ... even if i need డబ్బు ... 
you should go to work with me too.	you should go నాతో పని చేయడానికి too . 
and he poignantly commented	and he poignantly commented
eva! eva!	eva ! eva ! 
davis, cross him. flank right! flank right!	డేవిస్, cross him . flank right ! flank right ! 
are you there, sir?	are you there , సార్ ? 
to get the boxes onto the ship.	to get the boxes ఓడ మీద . 
i repeat... emergency evacuation, the president is under attack.	నేను పునరావృతం చేస్తున్నాను... అత్యవసర తరలింపు , the president is under attack . 
oh, you tell me, or i'll have some ninth ward prison queen wearing your face for a condom.	oh , you tell me , or నేను తొమ్మిదవ వార్డ్ జైలు రాణిని కండోమ్ కోసం మీ ముఖాన్ని ధరించాను. 
steven is always trying to hide money.	steven is always trying డబ్బు దాచడానికి . 
absolutely not.	absolutely not . 
you turn fading belief into light	you turn మసకబారుతున్న నమ్మకం into light 
you can tell a lot about somebody, looking him in the eye	you can tell a lot about somebody , అతనిని కళ్లలోకి చూస్తూ 
so how we gonna do this?	so we gon దీన్ని ఎలా చేయాలి ? 
i know the queen will approve when i want you	i know నేను కోరుకున్నప్పుడు రాణి ఆమోదిస్తుంది you
was the guy a monk?	was వ్యక్తి a monk ? 
take it to liberty island, to what i believe you call the bridge...	take it to liberty island , మీరు వంతెన అని పిలువడాన్ని నేను నమ్ముతున్నాను ... 
and by the time i had spent half an hour talking about play	and ఆ సమయానికి i had spent half an hour talking about play 
this some kind of glitch in the machine?	this some kind of glitch యంత్రంలో ? 
i see them.	i see them . 
bathroom. kitchen. fish.	bathroom . kitchen . fish . 
participating in the 3legged race with the homeroom teacher doesn't look nice.	హోమ్‌రూమ్ టీచర్‌తో కలిసి 3 కాళ్ల రేసులో పాల్గొనడం does n't look nice . 
very grownup.	very grownup . 
bring me the first branch your shoulder brushes on your journey.	bring me మీ ప్రయాణంలో మీ భుజం బ్రష్ చేసే మొదటి శాఖ . 
throw him in isolation. access granted.	throw him విడిగా ఉంచబడ్డారు . access మంజూరు చేసింది. 
it is no one's fault.	it is ఎవరి తప్పు లేదు . 
what is it?	what is it ? 
jacques is your lover?	jacques is మీ ప్రేమికుడు ? 
that's one of the clichs of fortune telling.	that 's అదృష్టాన్ని చెప్పే క్లిచ్‌లలో ఒకటి . 
don't see the wall.	do n't see గోడ . 
what is it?	what is it ? 
and enduring	and enduring
i think it's going to rain.	i think వర్షం కురవబోతోంది . 
i mean, you can certainly drive	నేనేమంటానంటే , you can certainly drive
then are you really breaking with him?	then are you really breaking అతనితో ? 
grigori knew that i had loaned leo money.	grigori knew నేను లియో డబ్బు అప్పుగా తీసుకున్నాను . 
wrecking ball was going on about	ధ్వంసమైన బంతి was going on about 
killed why did she tell them to do it in the	killed why did she tell them లో దీన్ని 
on the other hand	on మరొక చేతి 
reload. reload. reload.	reload . reload . reload . 
and now here we are.	and now here we are . 
congratulations.	congratulations . 
what happened?	what happened ? 
when your attention moves on to something else.	when your attention moves on వేరొకదానికి . 
we give the u.n. security council 24 hours	we give యుఎన్ భద్రతా మండలి 24 hours 
so, you see that this airplane is more a symbol.	so , you see ఈ విమానం మరింత చిహ్నంగా ఉంది . 
somebody robbed a bank.	somebody robbed ఒక బ్యాంకు . 
king stannis is my god.	రాజు స్టానిస్ is my god . 
and everybody had stopped again	and everybody had stopped again 
thank you for asking.	thank you అడగడానికి . 
so before a male can insert his penis into a female's vagina	so before a male can insert his penis స్త్రీ యోనిలోకి 
he's gonna be roped in dope for the foreseeable future.	he 's gon na ఊహించదగిన భవిష్యత్తు కోసం డోప్ లో తాడు . 
not with thisa on.	not with ఈ on . 
with a drill.	with ఒక డ్రిల్ . 
no, nothing. i'm gonna miss this thing.	no , nothing . i 'm gon ఈ విషయం మిస్ అయ్యాను . 
if you are the rider, call your beast inside.	మీరు రైడర్ అయితే , call your beast inside . 
what's the meaning of this?	what 's దీని అర్థం ? 
where in l.a.?	where in l.a . ? 
you can stop.	you can stop . 
excuse me, i'm maiko ebina from the headquarters we don't need outsiders	excuse me , i 'm ప్రధాన కార్యాలయం నుండి మైకో ఎబినా we don't need outsiders 
this is a stalker.	this is ఒక స్టాకర్ . 
it feels really good.	it feels చాలా బాగుందీ . 
i keep telling you, i can't help it!	i keep telling you , నేను సహాయం చేయలేను! 
what's wrong?	what 's wrong ? 
black and cute.	black and cute . 
isn't that the spirit of our little troupe?	is n't that మా చిన్న బృందం యొక్క ఆత్మ ? 
the one the fbi would say doesn't exist.	the one fbi ఉనికిలో లేదని చెబుతుంది . 
no, we're just looking into former associates of his.	no , we 're just looking అతని మాజీ సహచరులుగా . 
so she scolds them for wanting to stay here.	so she scolds them ఇక్కడ ఉండాలనుకున్నందుకు . 
perfect timing, dear.	perfect timing , dear . 
you don't seem very afraid.	you do n't seem చాలా భయపడ్డాను . 
and we had to do this in a cassettebased fashion.	and we had క్యాసెట్ ఆధారిత పద్ధతిలో దీన్ని చేయడానికి . 
they shot your son, rocket!	they shot మీ కొడుకు, రాకెట్ ! 
eh? you don't have a boyfriend?	eh ? you do n't have చెలికాడు ? 
oh...what did you get?	oh ... what did you get ? 
by the way, it's very popular with the kids.	by the way , it 's పిల్లలతో బాగా ప్రాచుర్యం పొందింది . 
i mean, maybe not class, but...	నేనేమంటానంటే, maybe not class , but ... 
hassaku festival?	hassaku festival ? 
we have a situation.	we have ఒక పరిస్థితి . 
ambassador spock, you are on a collision course. fire everything!	ambassador spock , you are ఘర్షణ కోర్సులో . fire everything ! 
it's viral. it seems to spread under the radar very, very quickly.	it 's viral . it seems రాడార్ కింద చాలా చాలా త్వరగా వ్యాప్తి చెందుతుంది . 
oh, that's right!	oh , that 's right ! 
robert e. lee, john buford at gettysburg.	robert e. lee , గెట్టిస్‌బర్గ్‌లో జాన్ బుఫోర్డ్ . 
i got serious things to say to you, okay?	నేను మీతో తీవ్రమైన విషయాలు చెప్పాలనుకుంటున్నాను , okay ? 
excuse me.	excuse me . 
give up, miss bertinelli.	give up , మిస్ బెర్టినెల్లి . 
but he's 86 years old. he's on his way out.	but he 's 86 ఏళ్లు . he 's బయటకు వెళ్ళేటప్పుడు . 
prior to this experience, i had the utmost respect for the law.	prior to this experience , i had చట్టం పట్ల అత్యంత గౌరవం . 
i will live too. you'll see.	i will live too . you 'll see . 
it's the boss.	it 's బాస్ . 
what about all the young men and boys	what about యువకులు మరియు అబ్బాయిలు అందరూ 
my dad.	my dad . 
00, everyone should be out in the courtyard for the lunchtime soccer game.	00 , everyone should be out in the courtyard లంచ్‌టైమ్ సాకర్ గేమ్ కోసం . 
and i could share that with my family back home in a very natural way	and i could share that నా కుటుంబంతో చాలా సహజంగా ఇంటికి తిరిగి వచ్చాను 
developing a sense of style when no one was paying attention.	developing a sense of style ఎవరూ పట్టించుకోనప్పుడు . 
and it's about the questions that you get to ask	and it 's మీరు అడగవలసిన ప్రశ్నల గురించి 
he didn't come over like a crazy man.	he did n't come over వెర్రి మనిషిలా . 
so, where is yukimura?	so , where is యుకిమురా ? 
mm. i don't like fish.	mm . i do n't like చేప . 
and i was really trying to go flatter and flatter.	and i was really trying ముఖస్తుతి మరియు ముఖస్తుతి వెళ్ళడానికి . 
that's why his body reacted in the way that it did.	that 's అతని శరీరం ఆ విధంగా ఎందుకు స్పందించింది . 
is not there something you want to say?	is not there మీరు ఏదో చెప్పాలనుకుంటున్నారు ? 
this symbol is a map of the old subway tunnel system.	this symbol is పాత సబ్వే టన్నెల్ సిస్టమ్ యొక్క మ్యాప్ . 
consistent with a lefthanded suicide.	consistent ఎడమ చేతి ఆత్మహత్యతో . 
president! i will 'bangbang' away...	president ! i will ' bangbang ' away ... 
i have no choice. i'm going to do it. do what?	i have ఎంపిక లేదు . i 'm going అది చేయటానికి . do what ? 
yeah, fat amy.	yeah , లావు అమీ . 
does he have savings?	does he have పొదుపు ? 
and the urgent need that we have, that we all feel today	and the urgent need that we have , ఈ రోజు మనమందరం అనుభూతి చెందుతాము 
but when i introduced a new character, he...	but నేను కొత్త పాత్రను పరిచయం చేసినప్పుడు he ... 
but first, let's welcome our lovely, beautiful and charming	but first , let మా మనోహరమైన, అందమైన మరియు మనోహరమైన స్వాగతం 
there is something strange about that sop sign.	there is ఆ సోప్ గుర్తులో ఏదో వింత . 
this is not accurate, but it did happen to tony blair	this is not accurate , but అది టోనీ బ్లెయిర్‌కు జరిగింది 
in our company.	in మా సంస్థ . 
he was holding her.	he was holding her . 
but i don't think that we were that way initially.	but i do n't think మేము మొదట్లో అలా ఉన్నాము . 
in a way which surprised the world.	in ప్రపంచాన్ని ఆశ్చర్యపరిచే మార్గం . 
let go!	let go ! 
freeze! drop the gun.	freeze ! drop తుపాకి . 
it's alright, phil! it's alright!	it 's alright , phil ! it 's alright ! 
these things occurred in my life	these things occurred నా జీవితం లో 
because these countries had vaccines and antibiotics	because these countries had టీకాలు మరియు యాంటీబయాటిక్స్ 
$1,500.	$ 1,500 . 
this isn't good.	this is n't good . 
done that. met you.	done that . met you . 
hehehe! wait!	hehehe ! wait ! 
dont loiter in the middle of the street.	do nt loiter వీధి మధ్యలో . 
are we guilty, as chimamanda adichie reminded us	are we guilty , chimamanda adichie మాకు గుర్తు చేశారు 
i am the head usher.	i am తలకాయ usher . 
boy a, misaki fumiya. he's not in prison?	boy a , misaki fumiya . he 's not జైలులో ? 
i have noticed a difference in my siblings.	i have noticed నా తోబుట్టువులలో తేడా . 
is he gone?	is he gone ? 
finally found you...	finally found you ... 
are you really laughing?	are you really laughing ? 
he's got to be kidding.	he 's got తమాషాగా ఉంటుంది . 
why not give the littlest guy the biggest shot?	why not give అతి చిన్న వ్యక్తి the biggest shot ? 
you think i wanna escape from this?	you think నేను దీని నుండి తప్పించుకోవాలనుకుంటున్నాను ? 
divert the octopi away from their posts.	divert the octopi వారి పోస్టులకు దూరంగా . 
he's sweet.	he 's sweet . 
it's me.	it 's me . 
so it would seem.	so it would seem . 
there's, of course, a lot of very simple sentences on the web.	there 's , of course , వెబ్‌లో చాలా సులభమైన వాక్యాలు . 
isn't it lame? this town will	is n't it lame ? ఈ పట్టణం will
an asset is the embodiment of an entre's future.	an asset is ప్రవేశం యొక్క భవిష్యత్తు యొక్క స్వరూపం . 
just make money, give the profits to charities.	just make money , లాభాలను స్వచ్ఛంద సంస్థలకు ఇవ్వండి . 
i see. then	i see . then
can i help you?	can i help you ? 
you promised you wouldn't hit on me.	you promised మీరు నన్ను కొట్టరు . 
and i've very rarely played	and i 've చాలా అరుదుగా played
gogogogo. go!	gogogogo . go ! 
i talked to herek's people. you and michael attend the rally as fbi.	i talked హెరెక్ ప్రజలకు . you and michael attend fbi గా ర్యాలీ . 
have you been tested?	have you been tested ? 
you can feel the sun going down on it right here.	you can feel సూర్యుడు ఇక్కడే అస్తమించాడు . 
whether it had gotten worse this time around in this recession.	whether it had gotten worse this time around ఈ మాంద్యం లో . 
when dr gideon began to suspect he was being pushed...	when dr gideon began అతను నెట్టబడ్డాడని అనుమానించడానికి ... 
this is more or less china, u.s., canada and brazil all together	this is ఎక్కువ లేదా తక్కువ చైనా, మేము, కెనడా మరియు బ్రెజిల్ అన్నీ కలిసి 
i feel that your father saved me.	i feel మీ నాన్న నన్ను రక్షించాడని . 
you wanna hear this or not? yeah, yeah, go.	you wanna hear this or not ? yeah , అవును, go . 
it was as though time had stopped.	it was సమయం ఆగిపోయినట్లు . 
a complete monopoly on brca testing in the united states.	a complete monopoly యునైటెడ్ స్టేట్స్లో brca పరీక్షపై . 
i am sorry to have brought you out	i am మిమ్మల్ని బయటకు తీసుకొచ్చినందుకు క్షమించండి 
how stupid!	how stupid ! 
looky, looky.	అందంగా, looky . 
this is the world of your delusions.	this is మీ భ్రమల ప్రపంచం . 
it was written in the stars.	it was written నక్షత్రాలలో . 
okay, it was monty. i swear. he's unleashed, okay?	okay , it was monty . i swear . అతను విప్పబడ్డాడు , okay ? 
and roots and shoots is a program for hope.	and roots and shoots is ఆశ కోసం ఒక కార్యక్రమం . 
let me out of here!	let me ఇక్కడినుంచి బయటికి ! 
the christians slaters.	క్రైస్తవులు slaters . 
ground selfdefence force area is called a garrison air and maritime selfdefence force area is called a base	ground selfdefence force area is called a garrison air and సముద్ర స్వీయ రక్షణ దళం ప్రాంతాన్ని బేస్ అంటారు 
i don't know anything about that.	i do n't know దాని గురించి ఏదైనా . 
i'm very irritated right now.	i 'm చాలా చిరాకు right now . 
it's about the revival of the family.	it 's కుటుంబం యొక్క పునరుజ్జీవనం గురించి . 
you said it was nice to meet me.	you said నన్ను కలవడం ఆనందంగా ఉంది . 
every time i looked at my new appearance i was reminded of that bastard that ruined my life.	ప్రతిసారీ నేను నా కొత్త రూపాన్ని చూసాను i was reminded of that bastard that ruined my life . 
one will put a black bag over your head, and the other will ziptie your wrists.	one will put a black bag over your head , and మరొకటి మీ మణికట్టును జిప్టీ చేస్తుంది. 
she's got a grenade. she's got an rkg russian grenade she just handed to the kid.	she 's got ఒక గ్రెనేడ్ . she 's got ఒక rkg రష్యన్ గ్రెనేడ్ ఆమె పిల్లవాడికి అందజేసింది . 
will you shut up? shut...	will you shut up ? shut ... 
i love that. she's taking me to cooperstown on sunday.	i love that . she 's taking me కూపర్‌స్టౌన్‌కు on sunday . 
kanzaki h. aria?	kanzaki h. aria ? 
one possibility is, in some sense, it's not really our fault.	one possibility is , ఒక కోణంలో, ఇది నిజంగా మా తప్పు కాదు . 
please! he's gonna kill me! oh, my god!	please ! he 's gon నన్ను చంపు ! oh , దేవుడా ! 
i should spare you, molly. i shouldn't tell you my dreams.	i should spare you , molly . i should n't tell you నా కలలు . 
be good.	be good . 
the name.	the name . 
do you need any help?	do you need ఏమన్నా సహాయం కావాలా ? 
wow. i had no idea we were at that point in our relationship.	wow . i had మా సంబంధంలో మేము ఆ సమయంలో ఉన్నామని తెలియదు . 
let's talk turkey.	let యొక్క చర్చ టర్కీ . 
there's nothing here.	there 's ఇక్కడ ఏమి లేదు . 
he wasn't a goblin.	he was n't ఒక గోబ్లిన్ . 
don't you see?	do n't you see ? 
do an upper endoscopy to check for bleeds.	do రక్తస్రావం కోసం తనిఖీ చేయడానికి ఎగువ ఎండోస్కోపీ . 
i can't trust you...	i ca n't trust you ... 
come to think of it, you used to work at the development department, right?	ఒక్కసారి ఆలోచించండి, మీరు అభివృద్ధి శాఖలో పని చేసేవారు , right ? 
you used one of these to try to kill someone?	you used one of these ఒకరిని చంపడానికి ప్రయత్నించడానికి ? 
i'll never forgive you for that!	i 'll never forgive you దాని కోసం ! 
so, that's it then?	so , that 's it then ? 
burn a little?	burn కొంచెం ? 
especially for the adults working at mcsweeney's	especially for mcsweeney&#39;sలో పని చేస్తున్న పెద్దలు 
i've got wildling blood in my veins.	i 've got wildling blood నా సిరల్లో . 
we don't have much time!	we do n't have ఎక్కువ సమయం ! 
but i also am in the fueling business.	but i also am ఇంధన వ్యాపారంలో . 
i could. stay over tonight, if to make you feel any better.	i could . stay over tonight , మీకు మంచి అనుభూతిని కలిగించడానికి . 
i think you're enjoying this.	i think మీరు దీన్ని ఆనందిస్తున్నారు . 
and cut!	and cut ! 
you keen on earning a coin?	you keen ఒక నాణెం సంపాదించడం ? 
now, plutonium, 10 to 13 pounds:	now , plutonium , 10 నుండి 13 పౌండ్లు : 
dispatch the seventh fleet.	dispatch ఏడవ నౌకాదళం . 
so i looked up a plastic	so i looked up ఒక ప్లాస్టిక్ 
what is this?	what is this ? 
because we're using the longterm effect version	because we 're using దీర్ఘకాలిక ప్రభావం వెర్షన్ 
let's go together sometime!	let ఎప్పుడో కలిసి వెళ్తారు ! 
are you serious?	are you serious ? 
to win this seat	to win ఈ సీటు 
all right, goten! okay!	అయితే సరే , goten ! okay ! 
hikarichan can live peacefully again.	hikarichan can live మళ్ళీ శాంతియుతంగా . 
yeah, me, too. i'm great, too.	yeah , me , too . i 'm great , too . 
it's the councilman's kid, though.	it 's కౌన్సిల్‌మెన్ పిల్లాడు , though . 
come on, johnny. you saw that girl.	come on , johnny . you saw ఆ అమ్మాయి . 
i think she's samaritan.	i think ఆమె సమారిటన్ . 
didn't he have a girl?	did n't he have ఒక అమ్మాయి ? 
looks like it's my spa day, too.	looks ఇది నా స్పా డే లాగా , too . 
and i can draw no ancestral ties.	and i can draw పూర్వీకుల సంబంధాలు లేవు . 
he was, he was alive an hour ago at least.	he was , అతను కనీసం ఒక గంట క్రితం జీవించి ఉన్నాడు . 
she immigrated to the u.s. a year ago with her brother.	she immigrated మాకు a year ago with her brother . 
do you mind if i ask you a personal question about you and agent scott?	do you mind నేను మీ గురించి మరియు ఏజెంట్ స్కాట్ గురించి వ్యక్తిగత ప్రశ్న అడిగితే ? 
million, yes. nine million forjade pin dragon den black tramway.	million , yes . nine million forjade పిన్ డ్రాగన్ డెన్ బ్లాక్ ట్రామ్‌వే . 
the summoning conditions for sleeping giant thud requires you to tribute a monster that has remained on the field for more than 10 turns!	the summoning conditions for sleeping giant thud requires you 10 కంటే ఎక్కువ మలుపులు మైదానంలో ఉండిపోయిన రాక్షసుడికి నివాళులు అర్పించడం ! 
you will.	you will . 
the object even has its own tutu. (laughter)	the object even has దాని స్వంత టుటు . ( laughter ) 
it's said that this mountain is the painter's home village.	it 's said ఈ పర్వతం చిత్రకారుడి సొంత గ్రామం . 
you pity him?	you pity him ? 
hello? inabasan, are you there?	hello ? inabasan , are you there ? 
me, i'm a hairdresser.	me , i 'm ఒక కేశాలంకరణ . 
what is wrong with you?	what is మీతో తప్పు ? 
which means to take something	which means ఏదైనా తీసుకోవడానికి 
that's great, but i need more than your support.	that 's great , but నాకు మీ మద్దతు కంటే ఎక్కువ కావాలి. 
it was love at first sight! what foolishness!	it was love తొలి చూపులో ! what foolishness ! 
hey, we're here!	hey , we 're here ! 
everything you need is in here.	మీకు కావలసిందల్లా is in here . 
you might realize that there are a lot of country assets that should not be gone	you might realize పోయకూడని దేశ ఆస్తులు చాలా ఉన్నాయని 
i need someone to listen.	i need వినడానికి ఎవరైనా . 
no, i'm at work, and at work i work.	no , i 'm at work , and పని వద్ద నేను పని చేస్తున్నాను. 
really, joon hyeon, it's true!	really , జూన్ హైయాన్ , it 's true ! 
put kiira to bed and then go on home. i'll see you tomorrow.	put kiira to bed and అప్పుడు ఇంటికి వెళ్ళండి . i 'll see you రేపు . 
why did we have to have the world's shittiest rv?	why did we have ప్రపంచంలోనే అత్యంత చెత్త rv కలిగి ఉండాలి ? 
what if it backfires?	what అది ఎదురుదెబ్బ తగిలితే ? 
feds just uncovered evidence suggesting he camouflaged a van stolen from work.	feds అతను పని నుండి దొంగిలించబడిన వ్యాన్‌ను మభ్యపెట్టినట్లు సూచించే సాక్ష్యాలను ఇప్పుడే కనుగొన్నారు . 
no, they're not; but they're effective.	no , they 're not ; but అవి ప్రభావవంతంగా ఉంటాయి. 
you'll never survive if you lose control, mr. fox.	you 'll never survive మీరు నియంత్రణ కోల్పోతే , mr. fox . 
nishiki satoshi has gone!	నిషికి సతోషి has gone ! 
which incidentally showed that when you do this	which incidentally showed that మీరు దీన్ని చేసినప్పుడు 
is probably arson, i'll say that. now we know one way to get rid of them.	బహుశా దహనం , i 'll say that . now we know వాటిని వదిలించుకోవడానికి ఒక మార్గం . 
but i am committed to compiling his thoughts and mine	but i am అతని మరియు నా ఆలోచనలను సంకలనం చేయడానికి కట్టుబడి ఉన్నాడు 
maybe you do, but i don't.	maybe you do , but నేను చేయను. 
at green school, the children are smiling	గ్రీన్ స్కూల్లో , the children are smiling
i do it so i don't have to look at your ugly face all the time.	i do it కాబట్టి నేను మీ వికారమైన ముఖాన్ని ఎప్పుడూ చూడవలసిన అవసరం లేదు. 
not density.	not density . 
is it?	is it ? 
and social interventions, can make a vast difference.	మరియు సామాజిక జోక్యాలు , can make a vast difference . 
i know you. i don't think so.	i know you . i do n't think so . 
is that so?	is that so ? 
legend has it that once you are committed at briarcliff, you never got out.	legend has it ఒకసారి మీరు బ్రియర్‌క్లిఫ్‌లో కట్టుబడి ఉంటే, మీరు ఎప్పటికీ బయటకు రాలేరు . 
along with deforestation, which is 20 percent of it, is the burning of fossil fuels.	అటవీ నిర్మూలనతో పాటు, ఇది 20 శాతం , is the burning of fossil fuels . 
no money.	no money . 
yes, finch. what's happening?	yes , finch . what 's happening ? 
wait here. i'll go get the tranquilizer.	wait here . i 'll go ట్రాంక్విలైజర్ పొందండి . 
thanks, chiichan.	thanks , chiichan . 
um ... i have no idea	um ... i have తేలియదు 
a mouth which tells you where to get out	a mouth ఇది ఎక్కడ బయటకు వెళ్లాలో మీకు తెలియజేస్తుంది 
couldn't be better.	could n't be better . 
though you have solemnly vowed yourself	though you have solemnly vowed yourself 
you heard it on the tape.	you heard it టేప్ మీద . 
sir, do you have children?	sir , do you have పిల్లలు ? 
i need you to get down on the ground.	i need మీరు నేలపైకి దిగండి . 
make some new friends.	make కొంతమంది కొత్త స్నేహితులు . 
well, like the cubs winning the pennant	well , like పిల్లలు పెనాంట్‌ను గెలుచుకున్నాయి 
just please call them up.	just please call them up . 
yeah, i do.	yeah , i do . 
more than that, the stones in the valley of elah	more than that , ఎలాహ్ లోయలోని రాళ్ళు 
that's actually not bad.	that 's actually చెడ్డది కాదు . 
the fatherland is calling its children!	మాతృభూమి is calling its children ! 
you don't wiggle.	you do n't wiggle . 
they'd sit down; i'd sneak out of the house.	వారు కూర్చుంటారు ; i 'd sneak out of the house . 
each time the printhead goes through.	ప్రతి సారి the printhead goes through . 
sorry to say but... this is a comedy.	sorry చెప్పటానికి but ... this is ఒక హాస్యం . 
and those and those and that?	and those and ఆ మరియు అది ? 
nikita 3x21 invisible hand original air date on may 10, 2013	nikita 3x21 invisible hand original air date మే 10, 2013న 
why wasn't he targeted?	why was n't he targeted ? 
get on your radio. tell them we're coming.	get మీ రేడియోలో . tell them మేము వస్తున్నాము . 
i mean, well, look at this room.	నేనేమంటానంటే, well , look at this room . 
that is me.	that is me . 
made one kind of silk	made ఒక రకమైన పట్టు 
here's a family portrait.	here 's ఒక కుటుంబ చిత్రం . 
since when has my council counted for so little ?	since when has my council counted చాలా తక్కువ కోసం ? 
fucking! is it okay with a brat.	fucking ! is it ఒక ఆకతాయితో సరే . 
shoot not enough milk	shoot తగినంత పాలు లేదు 
encore!	encore ! 
i say the dumbest things.	i say మూగ విషయాలు . 
500.	500 . 
you're doing fine, trip.	you 're doing బాగా, ప్రయాణం . 
why? because we lack the internal, institutional framework	why ? because we lack అంతర్గత, సంస్థాగత ఫ్రేమ్‌వర్క్ 
that's...	that 's ... 
or what it represents, which is the bowl of soup.	or what it represents , ఇది సూప్ గిన్నె . 
nay, quoth robin, laughing, not quite so ill as that, i trust.	కాదు, కోత్ రాబిన్, నవ్వుతూ, అంత అనారోగ్యంగా లేదు , i trust . 
in the bone of the patient	in రోగి యొక్క ఎముక 
where are the babies?	where are పిల్లలు ? 
so now.. mai..	కాబట్టి ఇప్పుడు .. mai .. 
drop it.	drop it . 
you touched me.	you touched me . 
so, mr. collins, on behalf of the woodcliff lake hilton, we'd like to thank you for your stay.	so , mr. collins , వుడ్‌క్లిఫ్ లేక్ హిల్టన్ తరపున , we 'd like to thank you for your stay . 
and yet i made the decision that the reward... that... everything we could learn and everything we could achieve, that all of that... simply outweighed that risk.	and yet i made ప్రతిఫలం... మనం నేర్చుకోగలిగినదంతా మరియు మనం సాధించగలిగినదంతా, అదంతా... ఆ ప్రమాదాన్ని అధిగమిస్తుంది అనే నిర్ణయం . 
what do you think?	what do you think ? 
were you nervous today?	were you nervous నేడు ? 
watney is secure.	వాట్నీ is secure . 
and club activities started up once again.	and క్లబ్ కార్యకలాపాలు started up once again . 
and that information will go into asknature.org.	and అని సమాచారం will go into asknature.org . 
you were always like this...	you were always ఇలా ... 
but it's not realreal.	but it 's not realreal . 
all right, mr. kwon	అయితే సరే , mr . kwon
dark clouds	dark clouds
and i keep waiting for someone to tell me i made it.	and i keep waiting for నేను చేశానని ఎవరైనా చెప్పండి . 
true change.	true change . 
we have to be cognizant about how we use data	we have మేము డేటాను ఎలా ఉపయోగిస్తాము అనే దాని గురించి తెలుసుకోవడం 
have my back and stop being so goddamn disappointing like everybody else!	have my back and అందరిలాగా నిరుత్సాహంగా ఉండడం మానేయండి ! 
respected businessman.	respected businessman . 
i told you to shut up, huh?	i told you నోరు మూసుకోవడానికి, huh ? 
i was married. i was married and i was pregnant.	i was married . i was married and నేను గర్భవతిని. 
tim wohe says it's urgent.	tim wohe says ఇది అత్యవసరం . 
i'm not the bad guy here.	i 'm not చెడ్డ వ్యక్తి here . 
no, that... that is different!	no , that ... that is different ! 
lt!	lt ! 
why are they doing this to us?	why are they doing this మనకు ? 
they asked me to fix marikachan's hair!	they asked me మరికాచన్ జుట్టును సరిచేయడానికి ! 
yeah, ask any one of those vultures.	yeah , ask ఆ రాబందులలో ఏదైనా ఒకటి . 
so the end justifies the means.	so ముగింపు justifies the means . 
guys, hold him tight!	guys , hold అతనికి గట్టి ! 
relax, okay?	relax , okay ? 
since kelly is the most important thing in your life, i'll take her.	కెల్లీ మీ జీవితంలో అత్యంత ముఖ్యమైన విషయం కాబట్టి , i 'll take her . 
if we can include that lawsuit and get everything resolved at once here	if we can include that lawsuit and ఇక్కడ ప్రతిదీ ఒకేసారి పరిష్కరించండి 
lots of people are used to having a spiritual tribe, or a church tribe	lots of people are used ఒక ఆధ్యాత్మిక తెగ కలిగి, లేదా a church tribe 
what 's going on, konzu comes in handy	ఏం జరుగుతోంది , konzu comes in handy 
everyone was taken away by him.	everyone was taken away అతనిచే . 
i knew it.	i knew it . 
'course, uh, i might be able to help you out.	' course , uh , i might be మీకు సహాయం చేయగలరు . 
i've just left them.	i 've just left them . 
i guess that ... i will rather call her out for now.	i guess that ... i will rather call her out ఇప్పటికి . 
all right!	all right ! 
because you're the great sherlock holmes, the clever detective in the funny hat?	because you 're గొప్ప షెర్లాక్ హోమ్స్, ఫన్నీ టోపీలో తెలివైన డిటెక్టివ్ ? 
time passed.	సమయం passed . 
hey, it's you!	hey , it 's you ! 
carly! carly! sweet pea!	carly ! carly ! sweet pea ! 
i like to grab you by the hair damn, that was like a death threat.	i like మిమ్మల్ని జుట్టు పట్టుకోవడానికి damn , అది మరణ బెదిరింపు లాంటిది . 
when something you've been worrying about wakes you up	when something మిమ్మల్ని మేల్కొల్పడం గురించి మీరు ఆందోళన చెందుతున్నారు 
akkun's being rebellious....	akkun 's being rebellious .... 
wait, you're not like 15, are you?	వేచి ఉండండి, మీకు 15 ఏళ్లు లేవు , are you ? 
before we started airing, everyone was saying	మేము ప్రసారం ప్రారంభించడానికి ముందు , everyone was saying
okay. guys, iet me just put it to you iike this, okay?	okay . అబ్బాయిలు, అంటే నేను మీకు ఇలా చెప్పాను , okay ? 
i told you that it was empty!	i told you ఖాళీగా ఉందని ! 
better?	better ? 
tell her i will.	tell her నేను చేస్తా . 
you're an idiot.	you 're ఒక మూర్ఖుడు . 
see this?	see this ? 
you know hans:	నీకు తెలుసు hans : 
did you know that?	did you know that ? 
it's ridiculous. i don't even remember what set you off in the first place.	it 's ridiculous . i do n't even remember ఏది మిమ్మల్ని మొదటి స్థానంలో నిలబెట్టింది . 
it does, doesn't it?	అది చేస్తుంది , does n't it ? 
fireproof clothing.	fireproof clothing . 
ah, i see.	ah , i see . 
hey, bro, what about us?	hey , bro , మా సంగతేమిటి ? 
doc, what's the plan here?	doc , what 's ప్రణాళిక here ? 
i got the name of the sac p.d. detective who investigated kirkland's shooting.	i got కిర్క్‌ల్యాండ్ కాల్పులను పరిశోధించిన sac pd డిటెక్టివ్ పేరు . 
yeah, somewhat.	అవును, somewhat . 
now, ryuta has his heart locked down hard.	now , ryuta has అతని గుండె గట్టిగా లాక్ చేయబడింది . 
'cause you're your problem, annie.	'cause you 're మీ సమస్య, అన్నీ . 
especially the good ones, not all of them.	especially the good ones , అవన్నీ కాదు . 
yeah. it's nice to see you.	yeah . it 's nice మిమ్మలను చూడటానికి . 
i have so many worries	i have చాలా ఆందోళనలు 
by her, you mean...	ఆమె ద్వారా , you mean ... 
to make sure the front door is locked.	to make ఖచ్చితంగా ముందు తలుపు లాక్ చేయబడింది . 
let me take a picture!	let నేను చిత్రాన్ని తీయండి ! 
victim is id'd as sebastian jones.	victim is సెబాస్టియన్ జోన్స్‌గా గుర్తింపు పొందారు . 
that got inside my body.	that got నా శరీరం లోపల . 
i was just helping erica for a moment.	i was just helping erica ఓ క్షణము వరకు . 
when did you come?	when did you come ? 
who have so generously supported this research.	who have చాలా ఉదారంగా supported this research . 
isn't there anything else your hubby likes?	is n't there మీ భర్త ఇష్టపడే ఏదైనా ? 
i made it. what?	i made it . what ? 
we are bullshit.	we are bullshit . 
kaufman!	kaufman ! 
is it really you?	is it really you ? 
soon the entire world will know about cybodies.	soon ప్రపంచం మొత్తం will know about cybodies . 
after i got back, i said	నేను తిరిగి వచ్చిన తర్వాత , i said
oh!	oh ! 
miyazawakun is my kouhai.	miyazawakun is నా కౌహై . 
don't you have any dreams for the future?	do n't you have భవిష్యత్తు కోసం ఏదైనా కలలు ? 
and that is gestures:	and that is సంజ్ఞలు : 
what, you thought	what , you thought
so that he can't get out.	so that he ca n't get out . 
this power... it's just like father's!	this power ... it 's తండ్రిలాగే ! 
i don't think we know any of the songs on this list.	i do n't think ఈ జాబితాలోని పాటలు ఏవైనా మనకు తెలుసు . 
and it's usually the rules that hold us back.	and it 's usually మనల్ని వెనక్కి నెట్టివేసే నియమాలు . 
this little guy... hello.	this little guy ... hello . 
it wanted to get inside of you.	it wanted మీ లోపలికి రావడానికి . 
we could solve our energy problems; we can reduce co2,;	మన శక్తి సమస్యలను మనం పరిష్కరించుకోవచ్చు ; we can reduce co2 , ; 
and an armoured car at five.	and an armoured car ఐదు వద్ద . 
e on boy, last piece.	e అబ్బాయి మీద , last piece . 
sorry for waiting. please. thanks very much!	sorry వేచి ఉండటం కోసం . please . thanks చాలా ఎక్కువ ! 
but in order to save konoe...	but in కోనోను సేవ్ చేయడానికి ... 
it always takes time.	it always takes సమయం . 
it's here. it's... it's... it's always right here.	it 's here . it 's ... it 's ... it 's always ఇక్కడే . 
but how did you do that?	but how did you do that ? 
i am sorry, but do not you explore the lord with me? huh?	i am sorry , but మీరు నాతో ప్రభువును అన్వేషించలేదా? huh ? 
look, i had to be sure before i cracked.	look , i had నేను పగులగొట్టే ముందు ఖచ్చితంగా ఉండండి . 
you're right back where you started.	you 're right back మీరు ఎక్కడ ప్రారంభించారు . 
the carteles, as the bad guys	the carteles , చెడ్డ వ్యక్తులుగా 
this is a date. you got it?	this is ఒక తేదీ . you got it ? 
thanks	thanks
you've got the rest of your life.	you 've got మీ జీవితాంతం . 
the older brother died around 11:30	అన్నయ్య died around 11:30 
if it's about cakes about this much is usual, right?	ఇది కేకుల గురించి అయితే చాలా సాధారణం , right ? 
how was your day, snuffles?	how was your day , ముక్కుపచ్చలారని? 
hurry!	hurry ! 
oh oh, he had the angel blade. um... in any event, i	oh oh , he had దేవదూత బ్లేడ్ . ఉమ్... ఏదైనా సందర్భంలో, i
i'm taking you and then i'm selling the car.	i 'm taking you and then i 'm selling కారు . 
and the main purpose is basically to inform people	and ప్రధాన ప్రయోజనం is basically to inform people 
all right, fine!	అయితే సరే , fine ! 
shut off the alarm, i told you, there is no fire.	shut off the alarm , నేను నీకు చెప్పాను, there is no fire . 
as measured by the world health organization	as measured ప్రపంచ ఆరోగ్య సంస్థ ద్వారా 
when forensics is finished with the guy's place, we're gonna deploy the cadaver dogs.	వ్యక్తి స్థానంలో ఫోరెన్సిక్స్ పూర్తయినప్పుడు , we 're gon na deploy the cadaver dogs . 
which raced	which raced
i talked to her.	i talked ఆమెకి . 
you didn't even slightly think this way before, did you.	ఇంతకు ముందు నువ్వు కొంచెం కూడా ఆలోచించలేదు , did you . 
go get a e buff this out.	go దీన్ని బఫ్ చేయండి . 
it is impossible to hit it there.	it is impossible అక్కడ కొట్టడానికి . 
do you think you can get there in the next 20 minutes? jack bauer.	do you think మీరు తదుపరి 20 నిమిషాల్లో అక్కడికి చేరుకోవచ్చు ? jack bauer . 
weaponry convention, huh?	weaponry convention , huh ? 
i'll face my family	i 'll face నా కుటుంబం 
who wants to be the boss?	who wants బాస్ గా ఉండాలి ? 
all i see you doing is pumping water.	మీరు చేస్తున్నదంతా నేను చూస్తున్నాను is pumping water . 
and your mother's here, too, though you see her not.	and your mother 's here , too , మీరు ఆమెను చూడనప్పటికీ . 
i'll be able to understand why daisy likes her so much.	i 'll be డైసీ ఆమెను ఎందుకు అంతగా ఇష్టపడుతుందో అర్థం చేసుకోగలను . 
in the story, the source of the monster's power	in the story , the source రాక్షసుడి శక్తి 
the whole invasion is a slaughter.	మొత్తం దండయాత్ర is a slaughter . 
how long you been drinking?	ఎంతసేపు you been drinking ? 
to divide all the land equally. what does it mean?	to divide భూమి అంతా equally . what does it mean ? 
what the hell are you doing here?!	what నరకం are you doing here ? ! 
i think there's an opportunity, a window for change.	i think ఒక అవకాశం ఉంది, మార్పు కోసం ఒక విండో . 
ha, ha.	ha , ha . 
see you later, alligator...	see you later , ఎలిగేటర్ ... 
this is the final...	this is ఆఖరి ... 
ah...	ah ... 
not anymore.	not anymore . 
why was she here?	why was she here ? 
well, there are a number of interesting conclusions, i think	బాగా, అనేక ఆసక్తికరమైన ముగింపులు ఉన్నాయి , i think
i'm pretty solid on gun safety.	i 'm తుపాకీ భద్రతపై చాలా పటిష్టంగా ఉంది . 
um... he makes you double and triplecheck things.	um ... he makes మీరు రెండుసార్లు మరియు మూడుసార్లు తనిఖీ చేయండి things . 
on that?	on that ? 
so, because i am a trained economist	so , ఎందుకంటే నేను శిక్షణ పొందిన ఆర్థికవేత్తను 
you have love for the queen?	you have రాణి పట్ల ప్రేమ ? 
i'm sorry.	i 'm sorry . 
speak english.	speak english . 
please.	please . 
colonies were once conquered. today countries are bought.	కాలనీలు were once conquered . నేడు countries are bought . 
and so as long as we have good, deep discussion	మరియు మనకు ఉన్నంత కాలం good , deep discussion
kind of.	kind of . 
what is it? you sense something?	what is it ? you sense something ? 
will be a key driver of creating jobs and creating	will be ఉద్యోగాలు సృష్టించడానికి మరియు సృష్టించడానికి కీలకమైన డ్రైవర్ 
i promised to give her the other half now.	i promised మిగిలిన సగం ఇప్పుడు ఆమెకు ఇవ్వడానికి . 
that was the problem.	that was సమస్య . 
once again, i look forward to working with you.	once again , i look forward మీతో కలిసి పనిచేయడానికి . 
has gone into the emerging markets in the past decade.	has gone అభివృద్ధి చెందుతున్న మార్కెట్లలోకి in the past decade . 
keep your mouth shut and you'll live.	keep your mouth shut and మీరు జీవిస్తారు. 
ireland's rather different. not to the irish, it isn't.	ireland 's కాకుండా భిన్నమైనది . ఐరిష్‌కు కాదు , it is n't . 
1,320.	1,320 . 
we gotta get her to the lawn over there while she's still with us.	we got ఆమె మాతో ఉండగానే ఆమెను అక్కడ ఉన్న లాన్‌కి తీసుకెళ్లండి . 
you obviously had your suspicions.	you obviously had మీ అనుమానాలు . 
do you know how to sum cells? what's that?	do you know కణాలను ఎలా సంకలనం చేయాలి ? what 's that ? 
which unfortunately the sound doesn't work in this room	which unfortunately the sound does n't work ఈ గదిలో 
listen...	listen ... 
it's a little girl who tamed a fox.	it 's నక్కను మచ్చిక చేసుకున్న ఒక చిన్న అమ్మాయి . 
for their hearts were closed to the truth.	for their hearts were closed సత్యానికి . 
it's not what you think... listen, arite...	it 's not what you think ... వినండి, ఆరితే... 
i can see you're risking your life.	i can see మీరు మీ జీవితాన్ని పణంగా పెడుతున్నారు . 
your last report was more than two weeks ago.	your last report was కంటే ఎక్కువ రెండు వారాల క్రితం . 
make her admit that she lost!	make ఆమె ఓడిపోయిందని ఒప్పుకుంది ! 
and i don't know...	and i do n't know ... 
my opinion, huh...	my opinion , huh ... 
what should i do?!	what should i do ? ! 
what is it?	what is it ? 
does she know what you look like? i don't think so.	does she know మీరు ఎలా ఉన్నారు ? i do n't think so . 
another one died using that inkstone.	another one died ఆ ఇంక్‌స్టోన్ ఉపయోగించి . 
every major religion participated in this.	ప్రతి ప్రధాన మతం participated in this . 
hey, beckett. why don't i get to carry the rifle?	hey , beckett . why do n't i get రైఫిల్ తీసుకువెళ్లడానికి ? 
not a day goes by, that i don't think about them.	ఒక రోజు గడవదు , that i do n't think about them . 
but then, when i took the first bite	but then , నేను మొదటి కాటు తీసుకున్నప్పుడు 
thank god!	thank god ! 
get them the hell out of there. retreat.	get them the hell అక్కడ నుండి . retreat . 
and you've got a development workforce	and you 've got అభివృద్ధి శ్రామికశక్తి 
does not enlarge government.	does not enlarge ప్రభుత్వం . 
sorry! alright!	sorry ! alright ! 
dying	dying
the recon corps left to find a route to shiganshina	the recon corps left షిగన్షినాకు ఒక మార్గాన్ని కనుగొనడానికి 
this will be the wedding you dreamed of. i won't let anything get in the way.	this will be మీరు కలలుగన్న పెళ్లి . i wo n't let ఏదైనా దారిలోకి వస్తుంది . 
do i look like i'm running around planning murders?	do i look నేను హత్యలు ప్లాన్ చేస్తూ తిరుగుతున్నాను ? 
you want me to take it?	you want నేను దానిని తీసుకోవడానికి ? 
what you are...	what you are ... 
so youre the one!	so you re ఆ ఒకటి ! 
i need proof you have the president before i can give that order.	i need నేను ఆ ఉత్తర్వు ఇవ్వడానికి ముందు మీకు అధ్యక్షుడు ఉన్నారని రుజువు . 
if i approach toshiyuki from behind	if i approach toshiyuki వెనుక నుంచి 
well, i couldn't miss your first day at school.	well , i could n't miss పాఠశాలలో మీ మొదటి రోజు . 
yeah, who knew all those years you were nursing a case of stage fright.	yeah , మీరు స్టేజ్ భయంతో బాధపడుతున్నారని ఇన్నాళ్లూ ఎవరికి తెలుసు . 
i'm not playing ella, i saw this one	నేను ఎల్లా ఆడటం లేదు , i saw this one 
and then people can benefit from them outside too.	and then people can benefit వారి నుండి outside too . 
and, i mean, funny things like this happen.	and , నా ఉద్దేశ్యం, ఫన్నీ విషయాలు this happen . 
thinking about possibly what?	thinking బహుశా దేని గురించి ? 
how are we supposed to fake three accidents? you stalk your prey. gotta be smart.	how are we supposed నకిలీ మూడు ప్రమాదాలు ? you stalk మీ ఆహారం . got తెలివిగా ఉండు . 
before the fight, when you guys take the ring, you should do it.	before the fight , మీరు రింగ్ తీసుకున్నప్పుడు , you should do it . 
no tactic.	no tactic . 
in prioritizing human wellbeing	in మానవ శ్రేయస్సుకు ప్రాధాన్యత ఇవ్వడం 
well, what's worldchanging.com, with these images, have to do?	well , what 's worldchanging.com , with these images , తప్పకుండా చేయాలి? 
the people of this kingdom hate ravenna with every fiber.	the people ఈ రాజ్యం యొక్క రావెన్నాను ద్వేషిస్తారు with every fiber . 
have fun with the war.	have fun యుద్ధంతో . 
understood, captain.	understood , కెప్టెన్ . 
yeah... that's right...	yeah ... that 's right ... 
most of you guys want air time.	మీలో చాలా మంది అబ్బాయిలు want air time . 
what do you care?	what do you care ? 
targets are two in robes.	targets are రెండు వస్త్రాలు . 
i'm just saying, a little appreciation would be nice.	i 'm just saying , కొంచెం మెచ్చుకుంటే బాగుంటుంది . 
i hope you get more than an expensive nap.	i hope మీరు ఖరీదైన నిద్ర కంటే ఎక్కువ పొందుతారు . 
braddock owned three luxury car dealerships, but when he found out he was dying, he sold his stake to his employees at a discount.	braddock owned three luxury car dealerships , but అతను మరణిస్తున్నాడని తెలుసుకున్నప్పుడు, అతను తన వాటాను తన ఉద్యోగులకు తగ్గింపుపై విక్రయించాడు. 
no, but they were here.	కాదు, but they were here . 
so what lucky color is pink again?	so ఏమి అదృష్ట రంగు is pink again ? 
someone please come!	someone please come ! 
yes, captain?	yes , కెప్టెన్? 
six months into his sentence, all he had left were a few corners.	అతని శిక్షకు ఆరు నెలలు , all he had left were a few corners . 
but it is not visible to everyone	but it is not అందరికీ కనిపిస్తుంది 
are coded in the form of shapes	are coded ఆకారాల రూపంలో 
how much	how much
i mean, george could cut it up.	నేనేమంటానంటే , george could cut it up . 
there might be a document in my pants.	there might be నా ప్యాంటులో ఒక పత్రం . 
how do you know her?	how do you know her ? 
to have a son.	to have ధ్వనించుటకు . 
who was that?	who was that ? 
i got to check in at home.	i got ఇంట్లో చెక్ ఇన్ చేయడానికి . 
well, at least my poster didnt get turn.	well , కనీసం my poster did nt get turn . 
well he found the key to my heart. smoked pig.	well he found నా హృదయానికి కీ . smoked pig . 
but if you could get them to move in this world	but if you could get వారు ఈ ప్రపంచంలో కదలడానికి 
these guys are directors.	ఈ అబ్బాయిలు are directors . 
out of the question. we are not canceling. i do not bow down to terrorists.	out అనే ప్రశ్న . we are not canceling . i do not bow down ఉగ్రవాదులకు . 
00.	00 . 
lying in the back car and trying to move the paralyzed limbs move the thumb move these faces of their faces	వెనుక కారులో పడుకుని పక్షవాతానికి గురైన అవయవాలను తరలించడానికి ప్రయత్నిస్తున్నాడు move the thumb move these faces of their faces 
to perform more complex functions.	to perform మరింత క్లిష్టమైన విధులు . 
electricity, running water, school rooms for their kids.	electricity , రన్నింగ్ వాటర్, వారి పిల్లలకు పాఠశాల గదులు . 
where is he?	where is he ? 
we'd like to tell our story better	we 'd like మా కథను బాగా చెప్పడానికి 
this is orimurakun's personal is	ఇది ఒరిమురకున్ వ్యక్తిగతం is
that's why we must clarify tatsumi's past.	that 's తట్సుమీ గతాన్ని మనం ఎందుకు స్పష్టం చేయాలి . 
and she said, now bryan, tell me what the equal justice initiative is.	మరియు ఆమె చెప్పింది, ఇప్పుడు బ్రయాన్, tell me what the equal justice initiative is . 
you have to pretend to enjoy !	you have ఆనందిస్తున్నట్లు నటించడానికి ! 
seriously, johanssen.	seriously , johanssen . 
i'm more than just thinking about it.	i 'm దాని గురించి ఆలోచించడం కంటే ఎక్కువ . 
keep it up. please pursue them.	keep it up . please pursue them . 
how many years have you been a cat?	ఎన్ని సంవత్సరాలు have you been a cat ? 
basically, it will be a repetition of trial and error.	basically , it will be విచారణ మరియు లోపం యొక్క పునరావృతం . 
it's that!	it 's that ! 
now, part of the formal control over this structure	now , part ఈ నిర్మాణంపై అధికారిక నియంత్రణ 
doc said, uh, probably get out in a few days. i'll make sure you got a ride, place to stay.	doc said , uh , బహుశా కొన్ని రోజుల్లో బయటపడవచ్చు . i 'll make ఖచ్చితంగా మీకు రైడ్ వచ్చింది, ఉండడానికి స్థలం . 
oh, yeah. excuse me.	oh , అవును. excuse me . 
can anybody guess what all this is?	can anybody guess ఇదంతా ఏమిటి ? 
do you understand that!	do you understand that ! 
this is also something that, the way we teach it in the u.s.	ఇది మనలో మనం బోధించే విధానం is also something 
that really necessary?	that really necessary ? 
if you have kids, you know what i mean.	మీకు పిల్లలు ఉంటే , you know what i mean . 
televion should too, bring things to people's attention	televion should too , bring things ప్రజల దృష్టికి 
no, no, no. that's not it. i'm running away.	no , కాదు కాదు. that 's not it . i 'm running away . 
i'm the police i'm arresting you for sexual assault	i 'm పోలీసులు నేను మిమ్మల్ని లైంగిక వేధింపుల కేసులో అరెస్టు చేస్తున్నాను 
and i think this isn't just chance.	and i think ఇది కేవలం అవకాశం కాదు . 
where's the evidence? i'll arrest you and make you talk	where 's సాక్ష్యము ? i 'll arrest you and మిమ్మల్ని మాట్లాడేలా చేస్తుంది 
very tenderhearted.	very tenderhearted . 
i got this, from sean.	i got this , సీన్ నుండి . 
i'm on the way to beck.	i 'm బెక్ మార్గంలో . 
it's only a hundred miles.	it 's కేవలం వంద మైళ్ళు . 
pray for mercy from puss!	pray దయ కోసం from puss ! 
baby, i'll tell her, remember, your momma is a worrier	baby , i 'll tell her , గుర్తుంచుకోండి, మీ అమ్మ ఆందోళన చెందుతుంది 
from the car commercials?	from కారు వాణిజ్య ప్రకటనలు ? 
in the correct sequence.	in సరైన క్రమం . 
but i can do it.	but i can do it . 
he was that most unlikely of heroes	he was హీరోలలో చాలా అవకాశం లేదు 
i'm so used to that.	i 'm అలా అలవాటైంది . 
are you disappointed? no.	are you disappointed ? no . 
and so through a process of selection evolution	and so through ఎంపిక పరిణామ ప్రక్రియ 
oh, oswald.	ఓహ్, oswald . 
over here. he's fine.	over here . he 's fine . 
don't forget to chew.	do n't forget నమలడానికి . 
making the world safer	making ప్రపంచం సురక్షితమైనది 
and this is the orientation film for station two	and this is స్టేషన్ రెండు కోసం ఓరియంటేషన్ ఫిల్మ్ 
but the point about the high bridge	but the point ఎత్తైన వంతెన గురించి 
i have.	i have . 
he was a model of physical perfection.	he was భౌతిక పరిపూర్ణత యొక్క నమూనా . 
they're still kind of complicated, so let's simplify them.	అవి ఇప్పటికీ సంక్లిష్టంగా ఉన్నాయి, so let 's simplify them . 
i was told my paperwork is in order.	i was told my paperwork క్రమంలో ఉంది . 
hi, you've reached dr. stuart price with divine dentistry.	hi , you 've reached డా. దివ్య డెంటిస్ట్రీతో స్టువర్ట్ ధర . 
current whereabouts.	current whereabouts . 
what's that?	what 's that ? 
i didn't get one word out. broke down like a baby.	i did n't get ఒక్క మాట out . broke down చిన్న పాప ల . 
things don't look so good from where i am, francis.	things do n't look నేను ఉన్న చోట నుండి చాలా బాగుంది , francis . 
you all seem to be what we consider attractive.	you all seem మనం ఆకర్షణీయంగా భావించేది . 
smells like margarine.	smells వనస్పతి వంటిది . 
it's in your hands now.	it 's మీ చేతుల్లో now . 
it was alby's call.	it was ఆల్బీ యొక్క కాల్ . 
just let me go...	just let నేను వెళ్ళు ... 
200... 220 messages.	200 ... 220 messages . 
that is possible.	that is possible . 
i think maybe his mom can't let go and she's still protecting him from the grave.	i think maybe his mom can't let go మరియు ఆమె ఇప్పటికీ అతనిని సమాధి నుండి కాపాడుతోంది. 
here.	here . 
can we put on something else, maybe?	can we put వేరొకదానిపై , maybe ? 
crispina!	crispina ! 
well you can see this on an mri.	well you can see this ఒక mri న . 
about the child of prophecy i mentioned earlier...	జోస్యం యొక్క బిడ్డ గురించి i mentioned earlier ... 
people who strongly feel their love should be recognized can sometimes even become evil.	తమ ప్రేమను బలంగా భావించే వ్యక్తులు గుర్తించబడాలి can sometimes even become evil . 
i lhave to say goodbye now.	i lhave ఇప్పుడు వీడ్కోలు చెప్పడానికి . 
and this was from an editor at random house children's books.	and this was యాదృచ్ఛిక గృహ పిల్లల పుస్తకాలలో ఎడిటర్ నుండి . 
this is your problem.	this is మీ సమస్య . 
i thought it was wrong, but when i warn him...	i thought it was wrong , but నేను అతనిని హెచ్చరించినప్పుడు ... 
think for a second, have a real number in your mind.	think for a second , మీ మనస్సులో వాస్తవ సంఖ్యను కలిగి ఉండండి . 
and as you think about it	and as you think దాని గురించి 
it's very successful	it 's చాలా విజయవంతమైంది 
yakra of stubborn stupid eagerness	yakra మొండి తెలివితక్కువ ఆత్రుత 
they put her on very special nutritious diet	they put her చాలా ప్రత్యేకమైన పోషకమైన ఆహారం మీద 
i'm still adjusting to it myself.	i 'm still adjusting దానికి myself . 
yukawakun was cheating on you.	yukawakun was cheating మీ మీద . 
and, in fact, depends more	and , నిజానికి , depends more 
well, i'm not in the place to say that.	well , i 'm not అని చెప్పే స్థానంలో . 
doesn't it make sense for you to nominate someone you know so well?	does n't it make sense మీకు బాగా తెలిసిన వారిని నామినేట్ చేయడానికి ? 
i didn't feel safe with him, so i left him.	నేను అతనితో సురక్షితంగా భావించలేదు , so i left him . 
so, thank you, knives.	so , thank you , కత్తులు . 
seems like i just asked an outlandish question...	seems నేను విపరీతమైన ప్రశ్న అడిగాను ... 
academy city is one big laboratory.	academy city is ఒక పెద్ద ప్రయోగశాల . 
the people in charge want to meet face to face.	the people in charge want ముఖాముఖి కలవడానికి . 
lately, i've noticed...	lately , i 've noticed ... 
anyone want to guess the answer?	anyone want సమాధానం ఊహించడానికి ? 
but emphasizing the vulnerable and endangered social groups.	but emphasizing హాని కలిగించే మరియు అంతరించిపోతున్న సామాజిక సమూహాలు . 
typically they'd go in the middle of the night, and they'd steal the car right out of the guy's garage.	typically they 'd go in the middle of the night , and వారు ఆ వ్యక్తి యొక్క గ్యారేజ్ నుండి కారును దొంగిలించారు. 
and then we'll see who's laughing.	and then we 'll see ఎవరు నవ్వుతున్నారు . 
not yet.	not yet . 
and i would do anything for you.	and i would do anything మీ కోసం . 
fair enough question.	fair enough question . 
but i think he's from kochi city.	but i think అతను కొచ్చి నగరానికి చెందినవాడు . 
it's not?!	it 's not ? ! 
yes. i guess so.	yes . i guess so . 
bastard	bastard
i can tell you from experience	i can tell you అనుభవం నుండి 
they missed your son's rash.	they missed మీ కొడుకు దద్దుర్లు . 
world duel carnival?	world duel carnival ? 
but they're quite something.	but they 're చాలా ఏదో . 
we can be in mexico. at least, we can, we can	we can be మెక్సికో లో . కనీసం , we can , we can
every girl who died, released her power on to the next.	చనిపోయిన ప్రతి ఆడపిల్ల released her power on to the next . 
i won't deny my own personal desire... to turn each sin against the sinner.	i wo n't deny my own personal desire... ప్రతి పాపాన్ని పాపికి వ్యతిరేకంగా మార్చడానికి . 
you can see from here?! no, not from there!	you can see ఇక్కడనుంచి ? ! no , not from there ! 
makochan, last year you played the piano to celebrate...	మకోచన్, last year you played the piano to celebrate ... 
why don't you believe me? because i'm foreign?	why do n't you believe me ? because i 'm foreign ? 
what is he trying to do?	is he trying ఏం చేయాలి ? 
my teriyaki mayo pizza and ginger ale!	my teriyaki mayo pizza and అల్లం ఆలే ! 
just give me a second. i'm sure i'm gonna be able to figure it out.	just give me ఒక క్షణం . i 'm ఖచ్చితంగా నేను దానిని గుర్తించగలను . 
so it uses its red bioluminescence like a sniper's scope	so it uses స్నిపర్ యొక్క స్కోప్ వంటి దాని ఎరుపు బయోలుమినిసెన్స్ 
i thought maybe you might...	i thought బహుశా మీరు ఉండవచ్చు ... 
or they say our universe is just one of many	or they say మన విశ్వం చాలా వాటిలో ఒకటి 
and that i was only scratching the surface	and that i was only scratching ఉపరితలం 
peter's had persistent cognitive problems.	peter's had నిరంతర అభిజ్ఞా సమస్యలు . 
a free and open internet	a ఉచిత మరియు ఓపెన్ internet
there over coltan and diamonds and other things.	there కోల్టన్ మరియు వజ్రాలు మరియు ఇతర విషయాలపై . 
technical nutrients this is for shaw carpet, infinitely reusable carpet.	technical nutrients ఇది షా కార్పెట్, అనంతంగా పునర్వినియోగ కార్పెట్ కోసం. 
a dimensional barrier ruptured, unleashing unknown energies into our world, antimatter, dark energy	a dimensional barrier ruptured , మన ప్రపంచంలోకి తెలియని శక్తులను విడుదల చేయడం, antimatter, dark energy 
oh, my god, what a beautiful face.	oh , నా దేవా, ఎంత అందమైన ముఖం . 
so that's one side of the triptych.	so that 's ట్రిప్టిచ్ యొక్క ఒక వైపు . 
hey, cho, look at this.	hey , cho , look ఈ వద్ద . 
does that hurt?	does that hurt ? 
well, this (applause)	well , ఇది (చప్పట్లు) 
someone, isn't it?	someone , is n't it ? 
should we do this?	should we do this ? 
whether you like it or not, you're starting to show up online	మీకు నచ్చినా నచ్చకపోయినా , you 're starting to show up online 
so that we could find our way back after.	so that we could find మన దారి back after . 
i thought we had something special too.	i thought మాకు కూడా ఏదో ప్రత్యేకత ఉంది . 
commonly known as zebra. where its being distributed is a topic of discussion	commonly known జీబ్రా వలె . ఎక్కడ పంపిణీ చేయబడుతోంది is a topic of discussion 
what's so complicated about this place?	what 's ఈ స్థలం గురించి చాలా క్లిష్టంగా ఉంది ? 
it was fairly obvious what i meant.	it was fairly obvious నేను ఏమి అర్థం చేసుకున్నాను . 
begging your pardon, m'lady, but we'll be the judge of that.	begging your pardon, m'lady , but మేము దానికి న్యాయనిర్ణేతగా ఉంటాము. 
whoa, this is a killer view.	whoa , this is ఒక కిల్లర్ వీక్షణ . 
i believe sir hashiba is also accompanied by his mother and wife	i believe సర్ హషిబాతో పాటు అతని తల్లి మరియు భార్య కూడా ఉన్నారు 
sir, this may be related.	sir , this may be related . 
well, how'd it go with holiday?	well , how 'd it go సెలవుదినంతో ? 
that's funny!	that 's funny ! 
you seriously can't be serious for even 10 minutes. 10 minutes!!	you seriously ca n't be 10 నిమిషాలు కూడా తీవ్రంగా . 10 minutes ! ! 
lot of people did, okay?	చాలా మంది చేసారు , okay ? 
i don't know, another test? no, this is not a test.	i do n't know , మరొక పరీక్ష ? no , this is not ఒక పరీక్ష . 
please sit here.	please sit here . 
i don't know what else to say but i'm sorry, jess.	i do n't know what else to say but నన్ను క్షమించండి, జెస్. 
check the other! yes, sir.	check ఇతర ! yes , సార్ . 
there's your own life, too, isn't there?	మీ స్వంత జీవితం ఉంది , too , is n't there ? 
this is what those piles of burning, smoldering coal waste look like.	this is ఆ కుప్పలు మండుతున్న, మండుతున్న బొగ్గు వ్యర్థాలు look like . 
isn't it always like this here ?	is n't it always ఇలా here ? 
what a nice necktie.	what a nice necktie . 
so that white material that you see	so మీరు చూసే తెల్లటి పదార్థం 
you have no clue where fukumotosan is, right?	ఫుకుమోటోసాన్ ఎక్కడ ఉందో మీకు ఎలాంటి క్లూ లేదు , right ? 
how to write an essay about his life.	how to write అతని జీవితం గురించి ఒక వ్యాసం . 
after this it will be time for confessions. please use the remaining 5 minutes effectively.	after this it will be ఒప్పుకోలు కోసం సమయం . please use మిగిలిన 5 నిమిషాలు effectively . 
so what of it?	so what అందులో ? 
here's a typical south atlantic contact call from the '70s.	here 's 70ల నుండి ఒక సాధారణ దక్షిణ అట్లాంటిక్ సంప్రదింపు కాల్ . 
this guy's wounded! you have to help me!	ఇతగాడు 's wounded ! you have నాకు సహాయం చేయడానికి ! 
but it's a little bit short, isn't it?	కానీ అది కొంచెం చిన్నది , is n't it ? 
previously on grimm...	previously on భయంకరమైన ... 
this number that was entered in as maki	this number అని maki గా నమోదు చేయబడింది 
why wasn't i told?	why was n't i told ? 
i have no idea what you're gonna say, but i'm pretty sure the answer is no.	i have no idea you're gonwhat na say , but సమాధానం లేదు అని నేను ఖచ్చితంగా అనుకుంటున్నాను. 
no, it's not	no , it 's not 
you mustn't open the drawer and peek, okay?	మీరు డ్రాయర్ తెరిచి చూడకూడదు, okay ? 
and then i woke up.	and then i woke up . 
he only needed two stitches.	he only needed రెండు కుట్లు . 
i didn't trust them.	i did n't trust them . 
good night! g'night!	good night ! g'night ! 
even if i survive today.	even if i survive నేడు . 
let's hang out often.	let తరచుగా సమావేశమవుతారు . 
get in.	get in . 
if my instinct when i was in hysteria mode is correct, we have a chance!	నేను హిస్టీరియా మోడ్‌లో ఉన్నప్పుడు నా ప్రవృత్తి సరైనది అయితే , we have a chance ! 
the bunker is safe.	బంకర్ is safe . 
now, how did he get on there? this is not my playlist.	now , how did he get on there ? this is not నా ప్లేజాబితా . 
that woman was the link.	ఆ స్త్రీ was the link . 
no! help me!	no ! help me ! 
i go jogging every morning.	i go jogging ప్రతి ఉదయం . 
what i should've done a long time ago.	what i should 've done చాలా కాలం క్రితం . 
i don't smell it.	i do n't smell it . 
why don't we catch that plane?	why do n't we catch ఆ విమానం ? 
we can finally return to life!	we can finally return జీవితానికి ! 
didnt you think it was intriguing?	did nt you think అది చమత్కారంగా ఉంది ? 
i'm fine. but today you came...	i 'm fine . but నేడు you came ... 
and then, her conviction changed because of that.	and then , her conviction changed అందుచేతనే . 
it's excellent, right?	ఇది అద్భుతమైనది , right ? 
our work was rewarded with old negatives, boxes of prints, and trunks full of decaying film, which we were able to save.	our work was rewarded పాత నెగెటివ్‌లు, ప్రింట్‌ల పెట్టెలు మరియు పాడైపోతున్న ఫిల్మ్‌తో నిండిన ట్రంక్‌లతో, మేము ఏది సేవ్ చేయగలిగాము . 
for some reason, it feels like it's been a long time.	for some reason , it feels చాలా కాలం అయింది . 
does it have anything to do with you?	does it have మీతో ఏదైనా చేయాలి ? 
ichika, you were looking for a certain place you remember, correct?	ichika , you were looking మీరు గుర్తుంచుకునే నిర్దిష్ట స్థలం కోసం , correct ? 
oh, i have no idea.	oh , i have తేలియదు . 
just forget it!	just forget it ! 
david!	david ! 
poong ho sunbae is the vice president? heol.	పూంగ్ హో సన్‌బే is the vice president ? heol . 
are very thrilled.	are చాలా థ్రిల్డ్ . 
tree. chair. girl.	tree . chair . girl . 
but no one's here.	but ఎవరూ 's here . 
these faces staring at me.	ఈ ముఖాలు staring at me . 
see, i hate you fucking russians.	see , i hate మీరు ఫకింగ్ రష్యన్లు . 
what's a bokkvir?	what 's మరియు బోక్విర్ ? 
is because cambodians can't afford the drugs on the commercial market	is ఎందుకంటే కంబోడియన్లు వాణిజ్య మార్కెట్‌లో మందులను కొనుగోలు చేయలేరు 
not just me, his friends, our friends, his wife.	not just me , అతని స్నేహితులు, మా స్నేహితులు, అతని భార్య . 
not only that, he implanted amaterasu in your eyes.	అదొక్కటే కాదు , he implanted amaterasu in your eyes . 
doc blamed himself	doc blamed himself 
how do you provide medically relevant information	how do you provide వైద్య సంబంధిత సమాచారం 
the deep ocean is also gaining heat at a smaller rate	the deep ocean is also gaining heat తక్కువ రేటుతో 
yeah.	yeah . 
in far greater quantities than they've ever got before.	in వారు ఇంతకు మునుపు పొందని దానికంటే చాలా ఎక్కువ పరిమాణాలు . 
are you a student at yomi north?	are you యోమీలో ఒక విద్యార్థి north ? 
look, you're not thinking clearly!	look , you 're not thinking clearly ! 
my brain's being picked on everything from interrogation to evidence collection.	my brain 's being picked విచారణ నుండి ప్రతిదానిపై to evidence collection . 
we have to find ways to solve all these problems.	we have ఈ సమస్యలన్నింటినీ పరిష్కరించడానికి మార్గాలను కనుగొనడానికి . 
sakuragi whatever you are, you can investigate 48 hours of gasket	సాకురాగి మీరు ఏమైనా , you can investigate 48 hours of gasket 
he already hurts me every night.	he already hurts me ప్రతి రాత్రి . 
house cats don't have a survival instinct so they can be hiding near your house.	house cats do n't have a survival instinct కాబట్టి వారు మీ ఇంటి దగ్గర దాక్కుంటారు . 
because it shows	because it shows
what he has to live with day in and day out?	what he has దినదినగండంగా జీవించడానికి ? 
that, and more, after the break.	that , మరియు మరిన్ని, విరామం తర్వాత . 
after a hundred or even a thousand years	after వంద లేదా వెయ్యి సంవత్సరాలు 
here i come!	here i come ! 
yes! all right, we gotta find keys.	yes ! all right , we got కీలను కనుగొనండి . 
if it's just han mi mo and i	if it 's just మీరు మరియు నేను ఎక్కడ ఉన్నాము? 
it's the only way we can be together.	it 's మనం కలిసి ఉండగల ఏకైక మార్గం . 
was that a woman on the phone? yeah.	was that ఫోన్‌లో ఒక మహిళ ? yeah . 
these three people, there's nothing that links them?	these three people , there 's వాటిని లింక్ చేసేది ఏదీ లేదు ? 
should i get him for you?	should i get him మీ కోసం ? 
but we're not alone anymore.	but we 're not alone anymore . 
momoko will wait and be a good girl so that you'll return safely.	momoko will wait and మంచి అమ్మాయిగా ఉండండి, తద్వారా మీరు సురక్షితంగా తిరిగి వస్తారు . 
how to do small business	how to do చిన్న వ్యాపారం 
in fukuyamasan's tablet	in ఫుకుయామాసన్ టాబ్లెట్ 
so is it or isn't it?	so is it or అది కాదు ? 
lieutenant, we got a 1614 on progress on taylor and seasons.	lieutenant , we got టేలర్ మరియు సీజన్లలో పురోగతిపై 1614 . 
some of you may have seen it.	మీలో కొందరు may have seen it . 
then he swam to the shore and found the villa, that time, too.	then he swam to the shore and ఆ సమయంలో కూడా విల్లా దొరికింది . 
and such usual things aren't only in the world of children	and such usual things are n't only పిల్లల ప్రపంచంలో 
evolved in highuv environments	evolved highuv పరిసరాలలో 
what, like an armadillo?	what , like ఒక అర్మడిల్లో ? 
i think... i...	i think ... i ... 
you were outnumbered, unarmed.	you were outnumbered , unarmed . 
claire's baby is fine.	క్లైర్ బిడ్డ is fine . 
but that doesn't mean i want to kill anybody over it.	but that does n't mean నేను దాని మీద ఎవరినైనా చంపాలనుకుంటున్నాను. 
but in fact, it goes down below sea level another couple thousand feet.	but in fact , it goes down below sea level మరో రెండు వేల అడుగులు . 
a game with proper stakes then.	a game సరైన వాటాలతో then . 
sugar?	sugar ? 
no, no, it's cool. i'm usually up.	no , no , it 's cool . i 'm usually up . 
and let me tell you	and let నేను మీకు చెప్తాను 
i'm gonna break this genjutsu quickly and get out of here!	i 'm gon ఈ గెంజుట్సును త్వరగా పగలగొట్టి ఇక్కడి నుండి వెళ్ళిపో ! 
where do you want to do this?	do you want దీన్ని ఎక్కడ చేయాలి ? 
what are you doing?!	what are you doing ? ! 
she's doing okay. thank you.	she 's doing okay . thank you . 
i don't agree.	i do n't agree . 
say woman is muslim and she deserved it.	say స్త్రీ ముస్లిం మరియు ఆమె దానికి అర్హురాలు. 
skills onehanded sword	నైపుణ్యాలు onehanded sword 
what's markov's 20?	what 's మార్కోవ్ 20 ? 
i, myself, i'm actually involved in the team	i , myself , నేను నిజానికి జట్టులో పాల్గొంటున్నాను 
that's why he chose you to protect the garden.	that 's తోటను రక్షించడానికి అతను మిమ్మల్ని ఎందుకు ఎంచుకున్నాడు . 
we can trust him.	we can trust him . 
just like all the other minstrels.	just like అన్ని ఇతర మంత్రగత్తెలు . 
or they've reached their home base.	or they 've reached వారి ఇంటి స్థావరం . 
and somehow uplifted.	and somehow uplifted . 
be careful, baby.	be careful , శిశువు . 
can we figure out some kind of payment schedule?	can we figure out ఒక రకమైన చెల్లింపు షెడ్యూల్ ? 
you know after john died	నీకు తెలుసు after john died
your voice is so cute!	మీ స్వరం is so cute ! 
to have squeezed the universe into a ball.	to have squeezed the universe ఒక బంతి లోకి . 
the tissue on the femur, cam.	the tissue తొడ ఎముకపై, కెమెరా . 
although i do believe my logic is sound.	although i do believe నా తర్కం బాగానే ఉంది . 
i don't know. you're erasing her from me.	i do n't know . you 're erasing her నా నుంచి . 
i have also installed a security camera in the hallway.	i have also installed ఒక భద్రతా కెమెరా in the hallway . 
how's your morning? well, better than yours, it seems.	how 's మీ ఉదయం ? well , మీ కంటే మెరుగైనది , it seems . 
now those are cookie robots!	now those are కుక్కీ రోబోట్లు ! 
wouldn't be much of an oracle if i didn't.	would n't be చాలా ఒరాకిల్ if i didn't . 
capturebonding.	capturebonding . 
impossible. not impossible!	impossible . not impossible ! 
hi, jacob.	hi , jacob . 
oh, my god! oh, my god!	oh , దేవుడా ! oh , దేవుడా ! 
the men holding those bolts of cloth will make me king.	ఆ బట్టల బోల్ట్‌లను పట్టుకున్న పురుషులు will make me king . 
yes, his brain.	yes , his brain . 
all right.	all right . 
then, not only will your suspicions be cleared, but	then , అది మాత్రమె కాక will your suspicions be cleared , but 
i've always loved you!	i 've always loved you ! 
he can take care of bauer at the same time.	he can take care of bauer అదే సమయంలో . 
yeah, please do that.	yeah , please do that . 
to looking for life in the universe.	to విశ్వంలో జీవితం కోసం వెతుకుతోంది . 
you really should get therapy for that.	you really should get దాని కోసం చికిత్స . 
don't make this your whole life.	do n't make ఇది మీ జీవితమంతా . 
something you want to ask?	something మీరు అడగాలనుకుంటున్నారు ? 
do you know where they're going?	do you know వారు ఎక్కడికి వెళ్తున్నారు ? 
hi dummy.	hi dummy . 
how do you move the horse?	how do you move గుర్రం ? 
which is what precisely?	which is what precisely ? 
i just need help gettin' there.	i just need అక్కడికి చేరుకోవడానికి సహాయం చేయండి . 
tough kids, huh?	tough kids , huh ? 
i felt so at home, even though it was my first time there.	i felt so at home , నేను అక్కడ మొదటిసారి అయినప్పటికీ . 
but has been in this state since his rescue.	but has been ఈ స్థితిలో since his rescue . 
richan, when did you change your hairstyle?	richan , మీరు మీ హెయిర్ స్టైల్ ఎప్పుడు మార్చుకున్నారు ? 
you will decide	you will decide
i'm going to make this right, larry.	i 'm going దీన్ని సరిగ్గా చేయడానికి, లారీ . 
alright, thank you very much. that's all.	alright , thank you చాలా ఎక్కువ . that 's all . 
and how many do you like?	and ఎన్ని do you like ? 
because you're my friend!	because you 're నా స్నేహితుడు ! 
we got the lowdown on the sleeping situation.	we got the lowdown నిద్ర పరిస్థితిపై . 
you fight it.	you fight it . 
it was the night jane died.	it was రాత్రి జేన్ మరణించింది . 
in order to walk among us they disguised their appearance by cloning human flesh over their own reptilian skin.	in order to walk among us they disguised వారి స్వంత సరీసృపాల చర్మంపై మానవ మాంసాన్ని క్లోనింగ్ చేయడం ద్వారా వారి ప్రదర్శన . 
i summon wise core.	i summon తెలివైన కోర్ . 
explained everything that was known at the time about liquid helium	explained ద్రవ హీలియం గురించి ఆ సమయంలో తెలిసిన ప్రతిదీ 
the german suplex! what move is it?	the german suplex ! ఏ కదలిక is it ? 
there's something deeply moving about it.	there 's ఏదో దాని గురించి లోతుగా కదులుతోంది . 
you shoot me i'll fuckin' kill you!	you shoot me నేను నిన్ను చంపుతాను! 
flushing meadows, corona park world fair!	flushing పచ్చికభూములు, కరోనా పార్క్ వరల్డ్ ఫెయిర్ ! 
it would seem i didn't have time to get credentials for my associate.	it would seem నా అసోసియేట్ కోసం ఆధారాలను పొందడానికి నాకు సమయం లేదు . 
will you marry me?	will you marry me ? 
let it go? i am nowhere near letting it go.	let అది వెళ్తుంది ? i am nowhere అది వెళ్ళనివ్వడం దగ్గర . 
switch all power to front deflector screen. switch all power to front deflector screen.	switch ముందు డిఫ్లెక్టర్ స్క్రీన్‌కు మొత్తం పవర్ . switch ముందు డిఫ్లెక్టర్ స్క్రీన్‌కు మొత్తం పవర్ . 
those who think in the intuitive manner cannot.	సహజమైన రీతిలో ఆలోచించే వారు can not . 
and i wanted to speak with you about your future.	and i wanted మీ భవిష్యత్తు గురించి మీతో మాట్లాడటానికి . 
they're moving him to the hangar.	they 're moving him హ్యాంగర్‌కి . 
huh? well, because...	huh ? well , because ... 
you take your hands off her!	you take మీ చేతులు off her ! 
they name it the world's bestdesigned newspaper.	they name it ప్రపంచంలో అత్యుత్తమంగా రూపొందించబడిన వార్తాపత్రిక . 
he was a good man..	he was ఒక మంచి మనిషి .. 
i can special summon the turner monster quick synchron!	i can special summon టర్నర్ రాక్షసుడు quick synchron ! 
with that, i started thinking.	దానితో , i started thinking . 
i'm coming back.	i 'm coming back . 
the heart that was transplanted into your chest...	the heart అది మీ ఛాతీలోకి మార్పిడి చేయబడింది ... 
db is the name of the product	db is ఉత్పత్తి పేరు 
and her lip quivered and, i just...	and ఆమె పెదవి quivered and , i just ... 
cabin?	cabin ? 
magical feeling when they see dolphins in the surf.	magical feeling వారు సర్ఫ్‌లో డాల్ఫిన్‌లను చూసినప్పుడు . 
you are also the real you?	you are also నిజమైన మీరు ? 
that's all day. let's play some d, let's play some defense.	that 's రోజంతా . let 's play some d , కొంత రక్షణ ఆడుదాం . 
with just teamwork, right?	కేవలం జట్టుకృషితో , right ? 
that are full of understanding.	that are పూర్తి అవగాహన . 
come here, come here!	ఇక్కడికి రండి , come here ! 
oh th.. this?	ఓహ్ వ .. this ? 
gonna pour you a drink.	gon మీకు పానీయం పోస్తాను . 
how was? how was? good!	how was ? how was ? good ! 
get to the children, get to the mothers	get to the children , తల్లుల వద్దకు 
i'm gonna start looking.	i 'm gon చూడటం ప్రారంభించండి . 
i can play games whenever i want, and read manga all i like.	i can play games whenever i want , and మంగా నాకు నచ్చినదంతా చదవండి . 
if human beings disappeared, life on earth as we know it would flourish.	if human beings disappeared , life on earth అది వృద్ధి చెందుతుందని మనకు తెలుసు . 
the reason is, we have sort of a builtin poison detector.	the reason is , మా వద్ద బిల్టిన్ పాయిజన్ డిటెక్టర్ ఉంది . 
no, not really, no.	no , నిజంగా కాదు , no . 
eh? i don't understand a thing of what you're saying.	eh ? i do n't understand మీరు చెప్పేది ఒక విషయం . 
so if you have 1,000 species	so మీకు 1,000 జాతులు ఉంటే 
it's like going to a game park, an extinct game park.	it 's గేమ్ పార్క్, అంతరించిపోయిన గేమ్ పార్క్‌కి వెళ్లడం వంటివి . 
that's enough, really.	that 's enough , really . 
i'm scared of myself... i'm a monster.	నేనే భయపడుతున్నాను ... i 'm a monster . 
so wouldn't it be nice	so would n't it be nice 
i wonder what it is?	i wonder అదేంటి ? 
no, why?	no , why ? 
sing a song about war	sing యుద్ధం గురించి ఒక పాట 
and specializes in lgbt health.	and specializes lgbt ఆరోగ్యంలో . 
tanegashi machine 3 kai wins in a major upset!	tanegashi machine 3 kai wins ఒక పెద్ద కలతలో ! 
it's milverton's.	it 's మిల్వర్టన్ యొక్క . 
we are working with the base's maintenance depot to repair our units in a more timely manner.	we are working with the base's maintenance depot మా యూనిట్లను మరింత సకాలంలో రిపేర్ చేయడానికి . 
i was able to safely come back alive today	i was సురక్షితంగా ప్రాణాలతో తిరిగి రాగలిగారు today 
oh, shh, shh.	oh , shh , shh . 
it's too close, man.	it 's చాలా దగ్గరగా , man . 
which means that theres no place	which means చోటు లేదని 
did you eat or drink anything in the last hour?	did you eat or చివరి గంటలో ఏదైనా త్రాగండి ? 
mr. bauer, you have a phone call.	శ్రీ. రైతు , you have a phone call . 
i still think you're nuts. but not as nuts as i thought.	i still think నువ్వు పిచ్చివాడివి . but not as nuts నేను అనుకున్నాను . 
i knew i could trust you to protect me from them.	i knew వారి నుండి నన్ను కాపాడతారని నేను నిన్ను విశ్వసించగలను . 
i'm going home. yuika didn't come today	i 'm going home . yuika did n't come నేడు 
mental disease.	mental disease . 
he did?	he did ? 
i will suck spirit pressure.	i will suck ఆత్మ ఒత్తిడి . 
do me a favor first, okay?	ముందు నాకు ఒక ఉపకారం చెయ్యి , okay ? 
we got confirmation from the field that your daughter died ten minutes ago from a gunshot wound.	we got మీ కుమార్తె తుపాకీ గాయంతో పది నిమిషాల క్రితం చనిపోయిందని ఫీల్డ్ నుండి నిర్ధారణ . 
like a banana with a yeast infection.	like ఈస్ట్ ఇన్ఫెక్షన్ ఉన్న అరటిపండు . 
they are lost forever.	they are lost forever . 
then why no?	then why no ? 
isn't there anything we can do?	is n't there మనం ఏదైనా చేయగలము ? 
you mean the harem that just figured out they're a harem?	you mean the harem వారు అంతఃపురము అని ఇప్పుడే కనుగొన్నారు ? 
get me captain mike faber at the pentagon.	get me పెంటగాన్ వద్ద కెప్టెన్ మైక్ ఫేబర్ . 
i'll make it very pretty and shock aoisan.	i 'll make చాలా అందంగా ఉంది and shock aoisan . 
my body is like a lump of esper power.	my body is ఎస్పర్ శక్తి యొక్క ముద్ద వంటిది . 
i was the only one who could make that connection.	i was ఆ సంబంధాన్ని ఒక్కడే చేయగలడు . 
gushes a bland of sweet and sourness that fills my mouth!	gushes నా నోటిని నింపే తీపి మరియు పులుపు యొక్క చదునైనది ! 
and we're discovering, with our research	and we 're discovering , మా పరిశోధనతో 
wow, this is so cool!	wow , this is చాల చల్లగా ! 
and the curve that we're on means that this is going to continue	and మేము ఉన్న వక్రరేఖ means that this is going to continue 
different morphologies of neurons	different morphologies న్యూరాన్ల 
and she looks an awful lot like that photograph in your locker.	and she looks మీ లాకర్‌లో ఉన్న ఫోటో లాంటి భయంకరమైనది . 
left! left! left!	left ! left ! left ! 
children are not parents' possessions.	children are not తల్లిదండ్రుల ఆస్తులు . 
she's a person who can really understand other people's feelings.	she 's ఇతరుల భావాలను నిజంగా అర్థం చేసుకోగల వ్యక్తి . 
it's sort of dullcolored. and it's fairly common.	it 's ఒక విధమైన నీరసమైన . and it 's చాలా సాధారణమైనది . 
we also studied vineet nayar at hcl technologies	we also studied హెచ్‌సిఎల్ టెక్నాలజీస్‌లో వినీత్ నాయర్ 
commodity prices at the borders have shot up	సరిహద్దుల్లో వస్తువుల ధరలు have shot up 
changes everything at work.	changes everything పని వద్ద . 
yeah.	yeah . 
kuroki reported that his partner, inaba, was shot dead during the investigation.	kuroki reported విచారణ సమయంలో అతని భాగస్వామి ఇనాబా కాల్చి చంపబడ్డాడు . 
well, that's an illegal vehicle checkpoint on the six one one, corporal pearson.	well , that 's కార్పోరల్ పియర్సన్, సిక్స్ వన్‌పై అక్రమ వాహన తనిఖీ కేంద్రం . 
as expected, ikemi tsukkomi is sharp! it's raining.	అనుకున్న విధంగా , ikemi tsukkomi is sharp ! it 's raining . 
i'm animal's courtappointed sponsor	i 'm జంతువు యొక్క కోర్టు నియమించబడిన స్పాన్సర్ 
i never stopped.	i never stopped . 
grandpa died when i was small...	grandpa died నేను చిన్నగా ఉన్నప్పుడు ... 
and to talk to you about a subject dear to my heart	and to talk to you నా హృదయానికి ఇష్టమైన విషయం గురించి 
i wouldn't sweat it.	i would n't sweat it . 
i gave you this.	i gave you this . 
you work in two hours.	you work రెండు గంటల్లో . 
trust me, when you sat up, they were just as surprised as the rest of us.	trust me, when you sat up , they were మా అందరిలాగే ఆశ్చర్యపోయాము . 
but the target number is anonymous.	but లక్ష్య సంఖ్య is anonymous . 
a different type of money.	a different type డబ్బు . 
your, uh, trees...	your , uh , trees ... 
and for decades, i'm going	and దశాబ్దాలుగా , i 'm going
i thought you said it was bad everywhere.	i thought ప్రతిచోటా చెడ్డదని మీరు చెప్పారు . 
we have his consent to show it to you.	we have his consent మీకు చూపించడానికి . 
will you say that again? shit!	will you say that again ? shit ! 
also, you ate way more than me!	also , you ate నా కంటే ఎక్కువ ! 
serbia. i've got a netjet waiting for you at the local airport.	serbia . i 've got స్థానిక విమానాశ్రయంలో మీ కోసం నెట్‌జెట్ వేచి ఉంది . 
colorado is the new california.	colorado is కొత్త కాలిఫోర్నియా . 
you're weak.	you 're weak . 
engage.	engage . 
all the evidence on chamalla is anecdotal.	చామల్లాపై అన్ని ఆధారాలు is anecdotal . 
i find the connection between a shinigami and his materialized zanpakutou's relationship most fascinating.	i find షినిగామి మరియు అతని సాకారమైన జాన్‌పాకుటౌ సంబంధానికి మధ్య ఉన్న సంబంధం అత్యంత ఆకర్షణీయంగా ఉంది . 
i promise i'll give it back.	i promise నేను తిరిగి ఇస్తాను . 
there is room at woodbury for aii of you.	there is మీ కోసం వుడ్‌బరీలో గది . 
it is secreting gobs and gobs of milk	it is secreting గోబ్స్ మరియు గోబ్స్ of milk 
in the year 1975, we started with the opening of wonder land. and	in the year 1975 , we started అద్భుత భూమి తెరవడంతో . and
stoddard shot the whole thing down.	stoddard shot మొత్తం విషయం down . 
it wasn't easy convincing weapons research.	it was n't easy ఒప్పించే ఆయుధాల పరిశోధన . 
so the first question, and you might want to write this down	so మొదటి ప్రశ్న, మరియు you might want to write this down 
is there a problem?	is there ఒక సమస్య ? 
but she hasn't accepted me what i am.	but she has n't accepted me నేను ఏమిటి . 
i came to see you, granny.	i came మిమ్మలను చూడటానికి, granny . 
something i realized...	something నేను గ్రహించాను ... 
i hope so. i'm finnegan. nice to meet you.	i hope so . i 'm finnegan . nice నిన్ను కలవడానికి . 
we'll not gonna let ye down.	we 'll not gon నేను అతనిని దించాను . 
whoa, whoa, whoa... so, he's got a few flaws	అయ్యో, అయ్యో, అయ్యో... కాబట్టి , he 's got a few flaws 
you'd best be on your way.	you 'd best be నీ దారిలో . 
i did it ! it was me... !	i did it ! it was me ... ! 
who the hell are you?	who నరకం are you ? 
tide's coming in.	పోటు యొక్క coming in . 
thank you, dr. mashelkar.	thank you , డా. మషేల్కర్ . 
sauron, the enemy of the free peoples of middleearth, was defeated.	సౌరాన్, మిడిల్ ఎర్త్ యొక్క స్వేచ్ఛా ప్రజల శత్రువు, was defeated . 
oh, here it is.	oh , here it is . 
its not very important to me right now.	its not very important నాకు right now . 
the visitors are coming to save us from the apocalypse.	the visitors are coming అపోకలిప్స్ నుండి మమ్మల్ని రక్షించడానికి . 
mouth of steel?	mouth ఉక్కు యొక్క ? 
but actually, uh, i've lost my memory.	but actually , uh , i 've lost నా జ్ఞాపకశక్తి . 
there's a hole here, and i shut this.	there 's a hole here , and నేను దీనిని మూసివేసాను. 
i think we can get there without the ship. alright.	i think ఓడ లేకుండా మనం అక్కడికి చేరుకోవచ్చు . alright . 
and if mei and yui both want to go to university	and if mei మరియు yui రెండూ want to go to university 
i did.	i did . 
something is missing. no...	something is missing . no ... 
the role?	the role ? 
i mean, how did you get into my house?	i mean , how did you get నా ఇంట్లోకి ? 
well, it won't take long.	well , it wo n't take long . 
would you like to carry out a suicide attack?	would you like ఆత్మాహుతి దాడి చేసేందుకు ? 
we can get in a lot of trouble.	we can get చాలా ఇబ్బందుల్లో ఉన్నారు . 
you mean this?	you mean this ? 
no. no, that's okay. i'm fine.	no . no , that 's okay . i 'm fine . 
us! why us? you're the one who hired her.	us ! why us ? you 're ఆమెను నియమించిన వాడు . 
no, i don't, actually.	no , i do n't , actually . 
you need to mix two sets of genes.	you need రెండు సెట్ల జన్యువులను కలపడానికి . 
that the earth is warming up.	that భూమి is warming up . 
excuse me, two perfect specimens. gentlemen...	excuse me , రెండు ఖచ్చితమైన నమూనాలు . gentlemen ... 
don't touch me, though. i want you to tell me.	do n't touch me , though . i want మీరు నాకు చెప్పండి . 
was because the great god kashima was being absent.	was ఎందుకంటే కాశీమా అనే గొప్ప దేవుడు లేడు . 
hey, jack.	hey , జాక్ . 
which is advantageous for everybody... since our customers are anxious to avoid... attracting attention to themselves.	which is advantageous for everybody ... మా కస్టమర్‌లు తప్పించుకోవడానికి ఆత్రుతగా ఉన్నారు కాబట్టి... తమ దృష్టిని ఆకర్షిస్తున్నారు . 
yes, sir.	yes , సార్ . 
a pain in her ass.	a pain ఆమె గాడిదలో . 
yeah, djs. deaf jews.	yeah , djs . deaf jews . 
i'm telling you	i 'm telling you 
let me be very clear	let నేను చాలా స్పష్టంగా ఉన్నాను 
oh, she came back.	oh , she came back . 
the clock is at 15 o'clock and the digital code at 14 o'clock.	the clock is 15 గంటలకు మరియు డిజిటల్ కోడ్ at 14 o'clock . 
we need something to break the windows now.	we need ఇప్పుడు కిటికీలను పగలగొట్టడానికి ఏదో ఉంది . 
that was all!	that was all ! 
sullivan, assigned to plainclothes right out of the gate, congratulations.	sullivan , గేటు నుండి బయటికి సాధారణ దుస్తులకు కేటాయించబడింది , congratulations . 
you want to contact your mom?	you want మీ అమ్మను సంప్రదించడానికి ? 
and he was essentially cured.	and he was essentially cured . 
if you make such a happy expression, it makes me want to stay more.	మీరు అలాంటి సంతోషకరమైన వ్యక్తీకరణ చేస్తే , it makes me want to stay more . 
i beg your pardon?	i beg మీ క్షమాపణ ? 
we thought we were in a unipolar world	we thought మేము ఏకధృవ ప్రపంచంలో ఉన్నాము 
stop ordering me about. this isn't your home.	stop గురించి నన్ను ఆదేశిస్తున్నాను . this is n't మీ ఇల్లు . 
good morning, okazaki.	good morning , okazaki . 
it was kind of low anyways.	it was ఏమైనప్పటికీ తక్కువ రకం . 
i don't understand.	i do n't understand . 
whoa! he won again!	whoa ! he won again ! 
right now! tower control, this is jed.	right now ! టవర్ నియంత్రణ , this is jed . 
i take it you'll be issuing an apology along with mr. donnelly's release.	i take it మీరు మిస్టర్‌తో పాటు క్షమాపణలు జారీ చేస్తారు. డోన్నెల్లీ విడుదల . 
no no no, are you serious?	no no no , are you serious ? 
what? you mean sugayasan?	what ? నీ ఉద్దేశం sugayasan ? 
i was 5'4 till my senior year.	i was 5'4 నా సీనియర్ సంవత్సరం వరకు . 
come back.	come back . 
vamps could smell blood from miles off.	vamps could smell blood మైళ్ల నుండి off . 
even in other classes they don't have an handsome teacher	ఇతర తరగతులలో కూడా they do n't have an handsome teacher 
in fact, yasuri shichika is under direct control of the strategian.	in fact , yasuri shichika is వ్యూహకర్త యొక్క ప్రత్యక్ష నియంత్రణలో . 
arrested two years ago for assaulting a muslim with a baseball bat. all hail the king, baby.	arrested two years ago బేస్‌బాల్ బ్యాట్‌తో ముస్లింపై దాడి చేసినందుకు . all hail రాజు, బిడ్డ . 
what are these strange boxes i see here.	what are ఈ వింత పెట్టెలు నేను ఇక్కడ చూస్తున్నాను . 
very much.	very much . 
i didn't know how i was going to get out of it	i did n't know నేను దాని నుండి ఎలా బయటపడతాను 
at first, dad said he hates...	మొదట , dad said he hates ... 
ahh... i couldn't read him.	ahh ... i could n't read him . 
and so modest. i guess i'm a modest mouse.	and so modest . i guess నేను నిరాడంబరమైన మౌస్‌ని . 
have a smoke.	have ఒక పొగ . 
one man approached them with a small baby perched on his shoulder	one man approached them తన భుజంపై కూర్చున్న చిన్న శిశువుతో 
listen to your mother, nick.	listen మీ తల్లికి, నిక్ . 
and out he comes with this girl who had no business being in a bar.	and out he comes బార్‌లో ఉండటంతో వ్యాపారం లేని ఈ అమ్మాయితో . 
get in the car	get కారులో 
ii can't help you.	ii ca n't help you . 
if we can install these molecules in neurons somehow	if we can install ఈ అణువులు in neurons somehow 
hey,wait a minute. i'm not finished talking with you yet.	hey , wait ఒక నిమిషం . i 'm not finished ఇంకా నీతో మాట్లాడుతున్నాను . 
everything i've kept buried inside came rushing to the surface.	నేను లోపల పాతిపెట్టిన ప్రతిదీ came rushing to the surface . 
where is it? where's scylla?	where is it ? where 's స్కిల్లా ? 
my mother writes a blog.	నా తల్లి writes a blog . 
i'm walking out of the apple store	i 'm walking ఆపిల్ స్టోర్ నుండి 
when you knew sugiuchi was the culprit?	మీకు సుగియుచి తెలిసినప్పుడు was the culprit ? 
what did it say?	what did it say ? 
we find that each case each of the major transitions in life	we find ప్రతి ఒక్క సందర్భం జీవితంలోని ప్రధాన పరివర్తన 
i am all too familiar with the window reflection	i am all విండో ప్రతిబింబం గురించి చాలా సుపరిచితం 
when i was getting ready to make the scheduled round.	when i was getting షెడ్యూల్ చేసిన రౌండ్ చేయడానికి సిద్ధంగా ఉంది . 
now that you'll always be by his side.	now మీరు ఎల్లప్పుడూ అతని పక్కనే ఉంటారు . 
we went from being able to have a virus that made a crummy battery	we went నాసిరకం బ్యాటరీని తయారు చేసిన వైరస్‌ని కలిగి ఉండటం వలన 
you are, as well.	you are , అలాగే . 
it's impossible. their collective wisdom	it 's impossible . their collective wisdom
yeah, let's roll. yeah, okay.	yeah , let యొక్క రోల్ . yeah , okay . 
know what i'm saying?	know నేను ఏమి చెప్తున్నాను ? 
what about emo mcgee?	what about ఇమో మెక్గీ ? 
thank you, floriana.	thank మీరు, floriana . 
if it weren't for the miracles, we wouldn't have survived until now in this barren land.	అది అద్భుతాల కోసం కాకపోతే , we would n't have survived until now in this barren land . 
tbag went crazy, he, he went nuts.	tbag పిచ్చి పట్టింది , he , he went nuts . 
i'll be out of the office for a bit.	i 'll be కార్యాలయము బయట for a bit . 
please enjoy these during your break.	please enjoy these మీ విరామ సమయంలో . 
we must do all we can to make remittances	we must do మనం చేయగలిగినదంతా to make remittances 
are these the right thing you asked me to get?	are these మీరు నన్ను పొందమని అడిగారు ? 
this thing called medical care at home.	ఈ విషయం called medical care at home . 
buchanan said you'd be up to speed.	buchanan said మీరు వేగంతో ఉంటారు . 
and fees for lecturers and instructors...	and fees లెక్చరర్లు మరియు బోధకుల కోసం ... 
isn't just about foreign policy	is n't కేవలం విదేశాంగ విధానం గురించి 
meteor buster attack!	ఉల్క buster attack ! 
beth bridges, hello. i've been eager to meet you.	beth bridges , hello . i 've been మిమ్మల్ని కలవాలని ఆతృతగా ఉంది . 
called the taniyamashimura conjecture.	called తనియామాషిమురా ఊహ . 
when i think of how you were when you first came here	when i think మీరు మొదటిసారి ఇక్కడికి వచ్చినప్పుడు ఎలా ఉన్నారో 
at a trot, forward march!	ఒక ట్రోట్ వద్ద , forward march ! 
well, i have somewhere i need to go.	well , i have somewhere నేను వెళ్ళాలి . 
she's all yours. thanks for waiting.	she 's all మీది . thanks వేచి ఉండటం కోసం . 
assisting in the bettering of your race.	assisting మీ జాతి అభివృద్ధిలో . 
i fell asleep.	i fell asleep . 
besides eye strain, not much, boss.	besides కంటి ఒత్తిడి, ఎక్కువ కాదు, బాస్ . 
it's just a little foundation.	it 's కేవలం ఒక చిన్న పునాది . 
how come all the rich people are having	how come ధనవంతులందరూ are having
really sick.	really sick . 
what's all the fuss about?	what 's అన్ని రచ్చ ? 
we're on a hairtrigger here, people.	we 're హెయిర్‌ట్రిగ్గర్‌పై here , people . 
what is it?	what is it ? 
w what was that? did goku just do something?	w what was that ? గోకు చేసాడు just do something ? 
little kip has arrived just in time for monsoon season.	little kip has arrived వర్షాకాలం సమయానికి . 
then there should be nothing to disturb you	then there should be మిమ్మల్ని డిస్టర్బ్ చేయడానికి ఏమీ లేదు 
could have something to do with why we're here.	could have మేము ఇక్కడ ఎందుకు ఉన్నాము అనే దానితో ఏదో ఒకటి చేయాలి . 
we do the takedown when and only when i give the order.	we do the takedown నేను ఎప్పుడు మరియు ఎప్పుడు మాత్రమే ఆర్డర్ ఇస్తాను . 
no, thank you.	no , thank you . 
so in another case, anonymous vs. los zetas.	so మరొక సందర్భంలో , anonymous vs. los zetas . 
are you sure about that, makabesan?	are you ఖచ్చితంగా, మకబేసన్ ? 
but there's a way you can save me...	but there 's మీరు నన్ను రక్షించగల మార్గం ... 
oh, just to review.	oh , just to review . 
we interfered in a big way by making these animals go extinct	we interfered in a big way ఈ జంతువులు అంతరించిపోయేలా చేయడం ద్వారా 
they grew up on the same street in flatbush.	they grew up అదే వీధిలో in flatbush . 
i'm not going in there with two jedi.	i 'm not going in there ఇద్దరు జేడీలతో . 
pursuing a kind of excellence in obscurity.	pursuing అస్పష్టతలో ఒక రకమైన శ్రేష్ఠత . 
people have been hunting for this guy for a decade.	people have been hunting ఈ వ్యక్తి కోసం for a decade . 
no, it's okay. thank you, though.	no , it 's okay . thank you , though . 
are you sleeping well?	are you sleeping well ? 
so what were you doing out here 21 years ago?	so what were you doing out here 21 సంవత్సరాల క్రితం ? 
the disease i have... is it spinocerebellar degeneration?	నాకు ఉన్న వ్యాధి... is it spinocerebellar degeneration ? 
time's running out for me.	సమయం running out for me . 
oh... you better be careful.	oh ... you better be careful . 
what's good here? it's an innocent question.	what 's good here ? it 's ఒక అమాయకమైన ప్రశ్న . 
uh, and, uh, i'm here.	uh , and , uh , i 'm here . 
get to safety quickly!	get భద్రతకు quickly ! 
'cause i didn't do it on purpose.	'cause i did n't do it ప్రయోజనం . 
so what happens?	so what happens ? 
i like that. you think you're making a problem for me?	i like that . you think మీరు నాకు సమస్య చేస్తున్నారు ? 
here you go. roundhay garden is on that. check it out.	here you go . గుండ్రని తోట is on that . check it out . 
this is the most important slide of my talk, so i'll dwell on it a little bit.	ఇది నా చర్చలోని అతి ముఖ్యమైన స్లయిడ్ , so i 'll dwell on it a little bit . 
autopsy, it is possible.	autopsy , it is possible . 
you had to look out for yourself, huh?	you had మీ కోసం చూడండి , huh ? 
yeah, i guess.	yeah , i guess . 
no good. i just can't win.	no good . i just ca n't win . 
hehe went to sleep, and he never woke up.	hehe went to sleep , and అతను మేల్కొనలేదు. 
the two are related because	ఆ రెండు are related because 
what's the general opinion? who did this? my guess?	what 's సాధారణ అభిప్రాయం ? who did this ? my guess ? 
a stalker.	a stalker . 
to type in a whole lot of things, and to learn	to type మొత్తం చాలా విషయాలలో , and to learn 
norma here. do you read me?	norma here . do you read me ? 
the mountain cats will come to drag away your bones	the mountain cats will come మీ ఎముకలను లాగడానికి 
is just simply not going to happen in time.	is just simply not going సమయానికి జరగాలి . 
every single one of us matters.	మనలో ప్రతి ఒక్కరు matters . 
it's not fear that grips him only a heightened sense of things.	it 's not భయం అతనిని విషయాల యొక్క ఉన్నతమైన భావాన్ని మాత్రమే పట్టుకుంటుంది . 
go! oh!	go ! oh ! 
there is no reason for me to go.	there is నేను వెళ్ళడానికి కారణం లేదు . 
this is what happens when you take away	this is మీరు తీసివేసినప్పుడు ఏమి జరుగుతుంది 
and i thought this would give me some courage, but all it's done is just make me feel a little bit sick.	and i thought this would give me some courage , but ఇది చేసినదంతా నాకు కొంచెం అనారోగ్యంగా అనిపించడం మాత్రమే . 
reflect.	reflect . 
this... is how it's gonna be from here on out.	this... is ఇక్కడ నుండి ఎలా ఉంటుంది . 
ice that's been frozen for several 100,000 years and is now part of the continent	ice ఇది అనేక 100,000 సంవత్సరాలుగా స్తంభింపజేయబడింది and is now part of the continent 
that is not a name. that's a number.	that is not ఒక పేరు . that 's ఒక సంఖ్య . 
we're in agreement on the heart attack.	we 're గుండెపోటుపై ఒప్పందంలో . 
so i said it was the cheapest and fastest way to do it	so i said దీన్ని చేయడానికి ఇది చౌకైన మరియు వేగవంతమైన మార్గం 
that cloud... there's got to be a crystallized crystal takigawa in there.	that cloud ... there 's got అక్కడ స్ఫటికీకరించబడిన స్ఫటిక టాకిగావా ఉండాలి . 
you're a cute person.	you 're ఒక అందమైన వ్యక్తి . 
i don't think there's any way he could have followed me here.	i do n't think అతను నన్ను ఇక్కడ అనుసరించడానికి ఏదైనా మార్గం ఉంది . 
only if you mean it!	only if you mean it ! 
yeah! it's the only memento of his that he left me!	yeah ! it 's అతని ఏకైక జ్ఞాపిక that he left me ! 
and if you didn't speak korean, that's what you were watching.	and మీరు కొరియన్ మాట్లాడకపోతే , that 's what you were watching . 
this is a really basic, basic prosthetic limb under here.	this is ఇక్కడ కింద నిజంగా ప్రాథమిక, ప్రాథమిక ప్రోస్తెటిక్ లింబ్ . 
this tree... it survived.	this tree ... it survived . 
frequent wireless contact.	frequent wireless contact . 
one more question.	one more question . 
what about his phone?	what about అతని ఫోన్ ? 
it means my luck won't disappear as long as the sun is round and whole!	it means సూర్యుడు గుండ్రంగా ఉన్నంత కాలం నా అదృష్టం కనుమరుగవ్వదు ! 
nothing.	nothing . 
those bruises, they from something that happened here?	those bruises , ఇక్కడ జరిగిన దాని నుండి వారు? 
listen well!	listen well ! 
all i am anymore is a man looking for his wife and son.	all i am anymore is ఒక వ్యక్తి తన భార్య మరియు కొడుకు కోసం చూస్తున్నాడు . 
the location of his greatest achievement	the location అతని గొప్ప విజయం 
and so at last, mankind began the conquest... and colonization of deep space.	and so at last , mankind began లోతైన ప్రదేశం యొక్క విజయం మరియు వలసరాజ్యం . 
dude, she's dead!	వాసి , she 's dead ! 
why do you need to fuck me?	why do you need నన్ను ఫక్ చేయడానికి ? 
the bowls of wrath. he's done it.	the bowls కోపం యొక్క . he 's done it . 
something that doesn't belong.	something అది చెందదు . 
ag: brilliant. thank you for asking a question	ag : brilliant . thank you ఒక ప్రశ్న అడిగినందుకు 
even if i don't say it, you know right? no i don't.	నేను చెప్పకపోయినా, నీకు తెలుసు right ? no i do n't . 
he doesn't return my phone calls, but i, i do know where his personal residence is.	he does n't return my phone calls , but i, అతని వ్యక్తిగత నివాసం ఎక్కడుందో నాకు తెలుసు. 
sometimes have to be sublimated to other needs.	sometimes have ఇతర అవసరాలకు ఉత్కృష్టంగా ఉండాలి . 
she was. she went to take a nap and told the nurse not to wake her.	she was . she went to take a nap and ఆమెను లేపవద్దని నర్సుతో చెప్పింది . 
once more, lauda tries to sneak up the inside.	once more , lauda tries లోపలికి చొచ్చుకుపోవడానికి . 
yep, although we only got bk201.	yep , మేము bk201 మాత్రమే పొందినప్పటికీ . 
we have to get this guy to a doctor. to medical attention, jack.	we have ఈ వ్యక్తిని డాక్టర్ వద్దకు తీసుకురావడానికి . to వైద్య దృష్టి , jack . 
that's right! oh ... outside the area!	that 's right ! ఓ... outside the area ! 
she's from behind the iron curtain.	she 's ఇనుప తెర వెనుక నుండి . 
it's about the cuban crisis	it 's క్యూబా సంక్షోభం గురించి 
and i think that we may need one or two ideas	and i think మనకు ఒకటి లేదా రెండు ఆలోచనలు అవసరం కావచ్చు 
basically, it takes place in the hippocampus.	basically , it takes place హిప్పోకాంపస్‌లో . 
you can get a flag from the landlocked nation	you can get భూపరివేష్టిత దేశం నుండి ఒక జెండా 
danny, answer us!	డానీ , answer us ! 
one of my colleagues had his life completely upended	నా సహోద్యోగుల్లో ఒకరు had his life completely upended 
we let him shine for another 2000 years.	we let అతను మరో 2000 సంవత్సరాలు ప్రకాశిస్తాడు . 
what compromise we have, whatever	ఏమి రాజీ we have , whatever
i, um...	i , um ... 
maybe one time.	maybe one time . 
so, i locked myself in a room	so , i locked myself ఒక గదిలో 
i do not need this right now.	i do not need this ఇప్పుడే . 
for no names and no info?	for పేర్లు లేవు మరియు సమాచారం లేదు ? 
i'll be out in five minutes. stand where i can see you.	i 'll be out ఐదు నిమిషాలలో . stand నేను నిన్ను ఎక్కడ చూడగలను . 
erinasan, i'm really sorry	erinasan , i 'm నిజంగా క్షమించండి 
by one door or the other.	by ఒక తలుపు లేదా మరొకటి . 
might wanna go easy on him, sarge.	అనుకోవచ్చు go easy on him , sarge . 
son of a dick.	son ఒక డిక్ యొక్క . 
she would drink her homogeneous wine	she would drink ఆమె సజాతీయ వైన్ 
i ain't never gonna be the same after this.	i ai n't never gon దీని తర్వాత కూడా అలాగే ఉంటుంది . 
you can't do this... where is almeida?	you ca n't do this ... అల్మేడా ఎక్కడ ఉంది ? 
please keep them safe!	please keep them safe ! 
here, drink these.	here , drink these . 
what's going on?	what 's going on ? 
and the lighting that we use these days looks something like this.	and ఈ రోజుల్లో మనం ఉపయోగించే లైటింగ్ looks something like this . 
you're telling me the fucking c.i.a. thinks i'm working for alqaeda?	you 're telling me ఫకింగ్ సియా . thinks నేను అల్ఖైదా కోసం పని చేస్తున్నాను ? 
now it is. finally, hot water. no more toxic waste.	now it is . finally , hot water . no మరింత విషపూరితం waste . 
until they've hunted all of us down.	until they 've hunted మనమందరమూ down . 
actually, i made a reservation in this hotel.	actually , i made a reservation ఈ హోటల్‌లో . 
hey, you just have to take it a little at a time.	hey , you just have ఒక సమయంలో కొద్దిగా తీసుకోవాలని . 
hey, don't film that, man. he's one of us.	hey , do n't film అది, man . he 's మన లో ఒకరు . 
would you prefer smoking or nonsmoking?	would you prefer ధూమపానం లేదా ధూమపానం చేయనిది ? 
a lot of people are more stupid than elementary school children	a lot of people are ప్రాథమిక పాఠశాల పిల్లల కంటే తెలివితక్కువవారు 
my name is tom	నా పేరు is tom 
when certain preagreed upon conditions are met	when కొన్ని షరతులపై అంగీకరించబడింది are met
it turns out that competition and winning is a universal human value.	it turns out పోటీ మరియు విజయం సార్వత్రిక మానవ విలువ అని . 
the taller the twin peaks	the taller జంట శిఖరాలు 
not verbal thinks in pictures	మౌఖిక కాదు thinks in pictures 
why doesn't the sofa go first?	why does n't సోఫా go first ? 
yeah, what you got to do is you gotta go over grand central.	yeah, you got what to do is మీరు గ్రాండ్ సెంట్రల్ మీదుగా వెళ్లాలి . 
otherwise, the mountain would get sick.	otherwise , పర్వతం would get sick . 
yeah, thanks, man.	yeah , ధన్యవాదాలు, మనిషి . 
petter... petter!	పీటర్... petter ! 
don't shoot. my robot. you just flank.	do n't shoot . my robot . you just flank . 
give me a sec.	give me ఒక సెకను . 
what do you think it's for?	do you think అది దేనికి ? 
i know sara didn't have many friends. she's sort of a loner.	i know సారాకి ఎక్కువ మంది స్నేహితులు లేరు . she 's ఒక విధమైన ఒంటరివాడు . 
how fucking dare you!	how fucking dare you ! 
oh, okay.	oh , okay . 
don't tell a whole lot of little lies.	do n't tell మొత్తం చాలా చిన్న అబద్ధాలు . 
alpha six foxtrot.	ఆల్ఫా ఆరు foxtrot . 
that blacks had voted for the measure	that blacks had voted కొలత కోసం 
go clean yourself up.	go మిమ్మల్ని మీరు శుభ్రం చేసుకోండి . 
we had the dotcom revolution	we had డాట్‌కామ్ విప్లవం 
fist to fist? it's the brawler's turn!	fist పిడికిలికి ? it 's గొడవ చేసేవారి వంతు ! 
there were two and a half million more girls in school.	there were పాఠశాలలో రెండున్నర లక్షల మంది బాలికలు ఉన్నారు . 
our brave guide saved me and a little girl.	our brave guide saved నేను మరియు ఒక చిన్న అమ్మాయి . 
i'm not sad.	i 'm not sad . 
sacrifice.	sacrifice . 
what's the big hurry?	what 's పెద్ద తొందరపాటు ? 
a cleaner found out around 1 am	1 చుట్టూ ఒక క్లీనర్ కనుగొన్నాడు am
hey, that's the media's word, not mine.	hey , that 's మీడియా మాట, నాది కాదు . 
that is more important.	that is చాల ముఖ్యమైన . 
altogether, imagine in the future taking a programmed probiotic	altogether , imagine in the future ప్రోగ్రామ్ చేయబడిన ప్రోబయోటిక్ తీసుకోవడం 
we know that jcub came to your club and did a set at your show that night right before he came over to our party.	we know jcub మీ క్లబ్‌కి వచ్చి మా పార్టీకి వచ్చే ముందు ఆ రాత్రి మీ షోలో సెట్ చేసాడు . 
and in doing so, everything would be discovered.	and అలా చేయడంలో , everything would be discovered . 
call the car	call కారు 
but genius rose to the challenge.	but genius rose సవాలుకు . 
marunouchi sore	marunouchi sore
easily forget all the problems i'm having.	easily forget నేను ఎదుర్కొంటున్న అన్ని సమస్యలు . 
there was a reason for that little story.	there was ఆ చిన్న కథకు ఒక కారణం . 
hold on. take your finger off.	hold on . take మీ వేలు off . 
we have to bring in another data set	we have తీసుకురావడానికి another data set 
we may not be legally married, but i consider her my wife.	we may not be legally married , but నేను ఆమెను నా భార్యగా భావిస్తాను. 
great distances across the desert floor to feed to their hatchlings.	great distances across the desert floor వాటి పొదిగిన పిల్లలకు ఆహారం ఇవ్వడానికి . 
including pretty sensitive questions, such as this one.	including ఇలాంటి చాలా సున్నితమైన ప్రశ్నలు . 
12 12 miles per hour.	12 12 miles గంటకు . 
i don't know.	i do n't know . 
just this morning.	just this morning . 
can it wait until after you buy me coffee?	can it wait until మీరు నాకు కాఫీ కొన్న తర్వాత ? 
what does that mean? here we go.	what does that mean ? here we go . 
did i wake you? i'm almost done.	did i wake you ? i 'm almost done . 
there's no mention of you on the website.	there 's వెబ్‌సైట్‌లో మీ గురించి ప్రస్తావించలేదు . 
so the physics is that the bigger the mass of an object	so the physics is that ఒక వస్తువు యొక్క పెద్ద ద్రవ్యరాశి 
it's okay. it's okay now.	it 's okay . it 's okay now . 
i grew up in china	i grew up చైనా లో 
i really don't know, honestly. um...	i really do n't know , honestly . um ... 
bill, i tried to save them. there's nothing left. let's walk here.	bill , i tried వాటిని రక్షించడానికి . there 's ఏమీ మిగలలేదు . let ఇక్కడ నడవండి . 
the moral exercise of putting themselves in that person's head	the moral exercise ఆ వ్యక్తి తలలో తమను తాము పెట్టుకోవడం 
nothing. everything is perfect.	nothing . everything is perfect . 
i have money and slaves you can take if you want	i have డబ్బు మరియు బానిసలను మీరు తీసుకోవచ్చు if you want 
so what's going to happen to elsie?	so what 's going ఎల్సీకి జరగాలి ? 
i can't take this anymore!	i ca n't take this anymore ! 
the one where you said you bought that brooch.	the one మీరు ఆ బ్రూచ్ ఎక్కడ కొన్నారని చెప్పారు . 
patients can see highcontrast edges, they	patients can see అధిక కాంట్రాస్ట్ అంచులు , they
load her onto the shuttle.	load her షటిల్ లోకి . 
and on the c.d., this was on.	and CD లో , this was on . 
where is the governor! ? he fired on everyone.	where is గవర్నర్ ! ? he fired అందరి మీద . 
to dramatically alter the global environment.	to dramatically alter ప్రపంచ పర్యావరణం . 
to my parents, riko was	నా తల్లిదండ్రులకు, రికో was
where is it?	where is it ? 
he's the father of all these children.	he 's ఈ పిల్లలందరికీ తండ్రి . 
now, the only one remaining is...	now , మిగిలింది ఒక్కటే is ... 
why assume there has to be one?	why assume ఒకటి ఉండాలి ? 
the gas gives three to four hours cooking a day	the gas gives మూడు నుండి నాలుగు గంటలు cooking a day 
at 66 viale pegaso.	at 66 పెగాసస్ అవెన్యూ . 
otherwise china and india would be the countries	otherwise చైనా మరియు భారతదేశం would be the countries 
called nimblegen, which is way ahead of affymetrix.	called nimblegen , ఇది అఫిమెట్రిక్స్ కంటే ముందుంది . 
let's see	let చూడండి 
who are you? tell me your name.	who are you ? tell me నీ పేరు . 
yes. but we ordered the right amount.	yes . but we ordered సరైన మొత్తం . 
that's probably how it got that name.	that 's probably దానికి ఆ పేరు ఎలా వచ్చింది . 
she was a doctor, stan.	she was ఒక వైద్యుడు, స్టాన్ . 
they share our anger.	they share మా కోపం . 
this is 9 o o 1. i can hear it!	this is 9 మరియు 1 . i can hear it ! 
so the western population moved over to here.	so పశ్చిమ జనాభా moved over to here . 
and what i hope you can see is that there's all kinds of bacteria there.	and what i hope you can see is అక్కడ అన్ని రకాల బ్యాక్టీరియాలు ఉన్నాయని . 
we can use different neurons with different variations.	we can use విభిన్న వైవిధ్యాలతో విభిన్న న్యూరాన్లు . 
you think that's her?	you think అది ఆమె ? 
ha ha ha ha ... ...	ha హాహా ha ... ... 
i can assure you i was fully conscious	i can assure you నేను పూర్తిగా స్పృహలో ఉన్నాను 
i told you did you know duke?	i told you నీకు తెలుసా డ్యూక్ ? 
ooh, stone roses? no.	ooh , రాయి roses ? no . 
her name is twilight, too.	her name is సంధ్య కూడా . 
you promised me.	you promised me . 
ethan,i need to see you right now.	ethan , i need నిన్ను ఇప్పుడే చూడటానికి . 
and coming up next on cde, the muppet telethon.	and coming up cde తర్వాత, ముప్పెట్ టెలిథాన్ . 
! those hypocrites. empty altruism will not erase what they've done.	!those hypocrites . empty altruism will not erase వారు ఏమి చేసారు . 
no, you're gonna have to do a little bit better than that, emile, or my seller's gonna walk.	no , you 're gon na దాని కంటే కొంచెం మెరుగ్గా చేయాలి, ఎమిలే, లేదా నా విక్రేత నడుస్తాను . 
oh? thanks!	oh ? thanks ! 
can you tell me	can you tell me 
why are we doing that?	why are we doing that ? 
right? that's impossible, isn't it...	right ? అది అసంభవం , is n't it ... 
your boss, he said he was satisfied.	your boss , he said he was satisfied . 
grrr! i had no choice.	grrr ! i had ఎంపిక లేదు . 
a normal person won't go out with her.	ఒక సాధారణ వ్యక్తి wo n't go out with her . 
i was thinking about	i was thinking about 
no bullets?	no bullets ? 
rob, let me go.	దోపిడీ, let me go . 
how's that look?	how 's that look ? 
we need to make sure that we're a little bit suspicious	we need మేము కొంచెం అనుమానాస్పదంగా ఉన్నామని నిర్ధారించుకోవడానికి 
larry,don't do this. okay,i'll join you for one outside in ten minutes.	larry , don't do this . okay , i'll join you పది నిమిషాల్లో ఒక బయటకి . 
it's the red eyes i can't forget.	it 's the red eyes నేను మరచిపోలేను . 
without okazakisan, i could not do anything	okazakisan లేకుండా , i could not do anything 
of course webvan went out of business, and about a year and a half later	of course webvan went out of business , and సుమారు ఏడాదిన్నర తర్వాత 
you worry too much, harry.	you worry చాలా ఎక్కువ , harry . 
warning us about what?	warning us దేని గురించి ? 
and lesbor reminds them that	and లెస్బోర్ reminds them that 
the door...!	the door ... ! 
hey, jesse. hey.	hey , jesse . hey . 
and then home appliances started coming into being.	and then home appliances started ఉనికిలోకి వస్తోంది . 
no shit.	no shit . 
we don't believe it.	we do n't believe it . 
and i would lie there crying at night	and i would lie there రాత్రి ఏడుస్తున్నాడు 
do you not know me?	do you not know me ? 
even if that voice	even if that voice
if nazir was hiding in there, we'd have found him.	నజీర్ అక్కడ దాక్కుంటే , we 'd have found him . 
we gotta get this guy, hobbes.	we got ఈ వ్యక్తిని పొందండి, హాబ్స్ . 
you know what you have to do?	you know మీరు ఏమి చేయాలి ? 
when a machine emperor can't destroy an opponent's monster by battle...	when a machine emperor ca n't destroy యుద్ధం ద్వారా ప్రత్యర్థి యొక్క రాక్షసుడు ... 
its not good enough.	its not good enough . 
i wonder if the economy is good.	i wonder ఆర్థిక వ్యవస్థ బాగుంటే . 
war drives forward civilization and science.	war drives forward నాగరికత మరియు సైన్స్ . 
that will alert company security	that will alert కంపెనీ భద్రత 
he was beyond insane.	he was మించిన పిచ్చి . 
except there were no flames.	except there were మంటలు లేవు . 
what is this?!	what is this ? ! 
as expected of koutan. what kind of fish is it?	as expected కౌటన్ యొక్క . ఎలాంటి చేప is it ? 
that is my job.	that is నా ఉద్యోగం . 
and... here?	and ... here ? 
yeah!	yeah ! 
at least, that's what executives like ms. sherman would like you to believe.	at least , that 's కార్యనిర్వాహకులు msని ఇష్టపడతారు. మీరు నమ్మాలని షెర్మాన్ కోరుకుంటున్నారు . 
once or twice, briefly.	ఒకసారి లేదా రెండుసార్లు, briefly . 
yes, but his highness is in the library at the moment.	yes , but his highness is గ్రంథాలయములో at the moment . 
it wasn't his s and m room?	it was n't అతని s మరియు m గది ? 
i am the rice faction. mama is the bread faction.	i am అన్నం వర్గం . mama is బ్రెడ్ ఫ్యాక్షన్ . 
i, uh	i , uh 
could be some sort of family or clan signs.	could be ఒక విధమైన కుటుంబం లేదా వంశ సంకేతాలు . 
i'm on the hook. we do the four we rehearsed.	i 'm హుక్ మీద . we do మేము రిహార్సల్ చేసిన నాలుగు . 
murdered hastily wrote a letter	murdered hastily wrote ఉత్తరం 
who sent you?	who sent you ? 
come on. down!	come on . down ! 
when are we supposed to arrive if we head for it now?	when are we supposed మేము ఇప్పుడు దాని కోసం వెళితే రావడానికి ? 
nothing really, just a decoration.	nothing really , just a decoration . 
something happen?	something happen ? 
i immersed myself into this project.	i immersed myself ఈ ప్రాజెక్ట్ లోకి . 
he's even faster than before...	he 's మునుపటి కంటే కూడా వేగంగా ... 
you know what that means?	you know అంటే ఏమిటి ? 
hold on.	hold on . 
your mother might be afraid of you, but i'm not.	your mother might be afraid of you , but నేను కాదు. 
before he was killed dex confirmed to me that viktor dragovic is here in jersey.	before he was killed dex confirmed to me విక్టర్ డ్రాగోవిక్ ఇక్కడ జెర్సీలో ఉన్నాడు . 
i wonder if she'll worry.	i wonder ఆమె చింతిస్తే . 
wow! shark!	wow ! shark ! 
and you would get this sort of green region	and you would get ఈ రకమైన ఆకుపచ్చ ప్రాంతం 
apartment fire. tencar pile up. hand caught in a machine.	అపార్ట్మెంట్ fire . tencar pile up . hand ఒక యంత్రంలో చిక్కుకున్నాడు. 
so, the truth is, in this club a violent group has..	so , the truth is , ఈ క్లబ్‌లో ఒక హింసాత్మక సమూహం ఉంది .. 
and in my place was the person people expected me to be.	and in my place was ప్రజలు నేను ఊహించిన వ్యక్తి . 
aaron, that's a little fucked up, no?	aaron , that 's కొద్దిగా ఇబ్బంది పెట్టాడు , no ? 
blue and black is no blood flow, orange and white is maximal.	blue and black is రక్త ప్రవాహం లేదు, నారింజ మరియు తెలుపు గరిష్టంగా ఉంటుంది. 
to hernandez.	to hernandez . 
it's hormones, young love...	it 's హార్మోన్లు, యువ ప్రేమ ... 
yeah, i saw him enter the grill, but he didn't strike me as suspicious.	yeah , i saw him enter the grill , but అతను నన్ను అనుమానాస్పదంగా కొట్టలేదు. 
and i'm still deciding.	and i 'm still deciding . 
all other things being equal	all other things సమానంగా ఉండటం 
so what do we find?	so what do we find ? 
when i get lonely	when i get lonely 
he suddenly resigned for personal reasons.	he suddenly resigned వ్యక్తిగత కారణాల కోసం . 
i always ran away.	i always ran away . 
sorry.	sorry . 
do not hang up.	do not hang up . 
a dog and...	a dog and ... 
i said you wanted to be close enough to watch him suffer.	i said మీరు అతని కష్టాలను చూసేంత దగ్గరగా ఉండాలని కోరుకున్నారు . 
what? well...	what ? well ... 
dell toledo...	dell toledo ... 
and the tear! follow!	and the tear ! follow ! 
in order to proliferate	in విస్తరించేందుకు క్రమంలో 
the actress nagasawa misasan was the purchaser.	నటి సామూహిక వివాహం చేసుకుంది was the purchaser . 
the violation of school rules is banned!	పాఠశాల నిబంధనల ఉల్లంఘన is banned ! 
we have 21 minutes.	we have 21 నిమిషాలు . 
well, sweets says that she might be in on it.	well , sweets says ఆమె దానిలో ఉండవచ్చని . 
now can we go on buzz lightyear?	now can we go బజ్ లైట్‌ఇయర్‌లో ? 
it is you who lent naruto hand.	it is you ఎవరు నరుటో చేతిని ఇచ్చారు . 
and almost at the click of a switch	and almost at స్విచ్ యొక్క క్లిక్ 
why? let's go together.	why ? let కలిసి వెళ్తారు . 
just get me off of this thing.	just get me ఈ విషయం నుండి . 
it's a pleasure to be here	it 's ఇక్కడ ఉండటం ఆనందంగా ఉంది 
quit whining already!	quit ఇప్పటికే whining ! 
yeah, the guy has a great view, you'd swear you could see the future from his rooftop.	అవును, ఆ వ్యక్తికి గొప్ప దృశ్యం ఉంది , you 'd swear you could see the future from his rooftop . 
unbelievable! in all my years of covering boxing, i've never seen it.	unbelievable ! నేను బాక్సింగ్‌ను కవర్ చేసిన అన్ని సంవత్సరాలలో , i 've never seen it . 
i am ready.	i am ready . 
you do have a choice.	you do have ఎంపిక . 
chairman, please!	ఛైర్మన్, please ! 
you should try it sometime.	you should try it sometime . 
warner brothers and paramount.	warner brothers and paramount . 
i've taken you over with my fainting act, eagerly leaping to assist the foreign beauty.	i 've taken you over with my fainting act , విదేశీ అందానికి సహాయం చేయడానికి ఉత్సాహంగా దూసుకుపోతున్నాడు . 
you telling me you were wrong?	you telling me మీరు తప్పు చేశారు ? 
hi. walk with me. hi.	హాయ్. walk with me . hi . 
she should have me.	she should have me . 
i bet he's taking his mistress to paris too. what?	i bet అతను తన భార్యను కూడా పారిస్‌కు తీసుకెళ్తున్నాడు . what ? 
are you related to any aliens?	are you ఏదైనా గ్రహాంతరవాసులకు సంబంధించినది ? 
we run out into the woods.	we run out పొదల్లోకి . 
with hundreds of hours of five drafts, six drafts	with వందల గంటల ఐదు చిత్తుప్రతులు, ఆరు చిత్తుప్రతులు 
he is a pastor of baudette. gobears how.	he is బౌడెట్ యొక్క పాస్టర్ . gobears how . 
hey, coming through!	hey , coming through ! 
and there'll be no one to stop me.	and there 'll be నన్ను ఆపడానికి ఎవరూ లేరు . 
and those are the ones that concern me the most.	and those are నాకు చాలా ఆందోళన కలిగించేవి . 
he came at her from behind.	he came ఆమె వద్ద from behind . 
um, look, maybe you could just escort me home and we could talk or do something.	um , look , maybe you could just escort me home and మేము ఏదైనా మాట్లాడవచ్చు లేదా చేయవచ్చు. 
i'll keep trying as long as you need, but there's nothing definitive one way or the other yet.	i 'll keep trying as long as you need , but ఒక మార్గం లేదా మరొకటి ఇంకా ఖచ్చితమైనది ఏమీ లేదు. 
no, no, no ...	no , no , no ... 
if we were to ask you to take off your shirt, would we find any fresh bullet wounds?	మేము మిమ్మల్ని మీ చొక్కా విప్పమని అడిగితే , would we find any fresh bullet wounds ? 
it's going to be okay.	it 's going పర్వాలేదు . 
now, if that's it	now , if that 's it 
shes preparing a house for you two to live in.	she s preparing a house for you two నివసించడానికి . 
any luck finding o'brien?	any luck ఓబ్రియన్‌ను కనుగొనడం ? 
about a magical place called darpa	about దర్ప అనే అద్భుత ప్రదేశం 
getting your hands dirty.	getting మీ చేతులు మురికిగా ఉన్నాయి . 
both entrepreneurs and their customers	both entrepreneurs and వారి వినియోగదారులు 
there's never a wrong time	there 's never ఒక తప్పు సమయం 
and he just sat there like this.	and he just sat there ఇలా . 
that they would be used for people to listen in	that they would be used ప్రజలు వినడానికి 
what's up?	what 's up ? 
and all the while you were holding out on me!	and అన్ని సమయాలలో మీరు నన్ను పట్టుకొని ఉన్నారు ! 
the doors were unlocked again.	తలుపులు were unlocked again . 
then, the next day	then , మరుసటి రోజు 
to me, it was like someone was having a conversation, you know?	నాకు, ఎవరో సంభాషణ చేస్తున్నట్లుగా ఉంది , you know ? 
but i do think that	but i do think that 
i'm terribly sorry for getting you involved.	i 'm మీరు పాల్గొన్నందుకు చాలా క్షమించండి . 
you may be right about that.	you may be దాని గురించి సరైనది . 
no, i'm not.	no , i 'm not . 
and only stop to water your horses.	and only stop మీ గుర్రాలకు నీరు పెట్టడానికి . 
and when the dead walk... the living will fill these coffins.	and చనిపోయినవారు నడిచినప్పుడు ... the living will fill these coffins . 
just forget it.	just forget it . 
there was an excoworker,terry andrews.	there was ఒక excoworker, టెర్రీ ఆండ్రూస్ . 
which destroys the cell membranes	which destroys కణ త్వచాలు 
can you walk okay? yeah, i can.	can you walk okay ? అవును, i can . 
that's exactly what i'm saying.	that 's సరిగ్గా నేను చెప్పేది . 
and spit out the first thing that comes to my mind	and spit out నా మనసులోకి వచ్చే మొదటి విషయం 
we get ten or fewer photos, and then there's this long, flat tail.	we get ten or fewer photos , and అప్పుడు ఈ పొడవైన, చదునైన తోక ఉంది. 
for this city lay before the doors of the greatest kingdom in middle	for this city lay మధ్యలో గొప్ప రాజ్యం యొక్క తలుపుల ముందు 
are you wearing kesha?	are you wearing kesha ? 
to the museum, to the restoration room.	to the museum , పునరుద్ధరణ గదికి . 
even though you can't know exactly	even though you ca n't know exactly 
so, the murder wasn't premeditated. no.	so , హత్య was n't premeditated . no . 
everyone, separated.	everyone , separated . 
and boy, they were like, what? why?	మరియు అబ్బాయి , they were like , what ? why ? 
why do you say it like that?	why do you say it అలా ? 
yeah, but don't come down.	yeah , but క్రిందికి రావద్దు . 
like fundamentalists of all religious stripes	like అన్ని మతాల ఛాందసవాదులు 
neville's fantasy in the apartment, we discovered a clue that will shed new light on his confession.	neville's fantasy in the apartment , we discovered అతని ఒప్పుకోలుపై కొత్త వెలుగునిచ్చే క్లూ . 
your sister is still married.	మీ సోదరి is still married . 
and that's how he got hacked.	and that 's అతను ఎలా హ్యాక్ అయ్యాడు . 
my sister bringing the most vile creature ever to have walked the earth down upon me.	నా సోదరి అత్యంత నీచమైన జీవిని తీసుకువస్తోంది ever to have walked the earth down upon me . 
why the hell not?	ఎందుకు నరకం not ? 
thank you.	thank you . 
you know something.	you know something . 
dead mine. colonial, probably dutch.	dead mine . colonial , probably dutch . 
how hard i worked to get all of these.	how hard i worked వీటన్నింటినీ పొందడానికి . 
did you guys check in or not?	did మీరు అబ్బాయిలు check in or not ? 
okay, let's take this place apart, all right?	okay , let ఈ స్థలాన్ని వేరుగా తీసుకోండి, all right ? 
it will give you ass cancer.	it will give you గాడిద క్యాన్సర్ . 
if the lannisters were behind the attempt on the stark boy's life and it was discovered that you helped the starks come to that conclusion...	if the lannisters were behind the attempt on the stark boy's life and స్టార్క్‌లు ఆ నిర్ణయానికి రావడానికి మీరు సహాయం చేశారని కనుగొనబడింది... 
if they make headlines with lies, you'll make bigger headlines with truth.	వారు అబద్ధాలతో ముఖ్యాంశాలు చేస్తే , you 'll make bigger headlines with truth . 
established that only about 10 percent	established that దాదాపు 10 శాతం మాత్రమే 
to the precambrian world, that first microbial age	to the precambrian world , ఆ మొదటి సూక్ష్మజీవి యుగం 
it's fine. so did you happen to meet anyone?	it 's fine . so did you happen ఎవరినైనా కలవడానికి ? 
i trusted you.	i trusted you . 
to a mustdo.	to తప్పక . 
i realized someone was coming into the room.	i realized గదిలోకి ఎవరో వస్తున్నారు . 
and obviously, the much better	and obviously , the much better
you got me on that?	you got me దాని మీద ? 
i, i don't really understand this whole cyanide thing, you know?	నేను, ఈ మొత్తం సైనైడ్ విషయం నాకు నిజంగా అర్థం కాలేదు , you know ? 
sounds like it.	sounds ఇష్టం . 
looks like one of those new commando droids.	looks ఆ కొత్త కమాండో డ్రాయిడ్‌లలో ఒకటి వలె . 
and i realized that this particular configuration	and i realized that ఈ ప్రత్యేక కాన్ఫిగరేషన్ 
that's why i continue to work, even if it's for toilet brush.	that 's why i continue to work , అది టాయిలెట్ బ్రష్ కోసం అయినా . 
guy, the measurements.	guy , కొలతలు . 
that is what created the sasuke in front of us.	that is మన ముందు ఉన్న సాసుక్‌ని ఏది సృష్టించింది . 
and so, i have my first slide to talk about	and so , i have మాట్లాడటానికి నా మొదటి స్లయిడ్ 
but if you can take this one piece and think about it a little differently	but if you can take this one piece and దాని గురించి కొంచెం భిన్నంగా ఆలోచించండి 
in addition, this basket is for not missing the captured enemy	in addition , this basket is పట్టుబడిన శత్రువును కోల్పోనందుకు 
i'm glad you're safe.	i 'm మీరు సురక్షితంగా ఉన్నందుకు సంతోషం . 
no use crying over spilled milk, right mr. kanda?	చిందిన పాలపై ఏడ్చి ప్రయోజనం లేదు , right mr. kanda ? 
he knows.	he knows . 
goku has won!	goku has won ! 
by the way, the salad fork's the small one.	by the way , సలాడ్ ఫోర్క్ the small one . 
yeah, those bitches hit her in the face. those are students, so....	yeah , those bitches hit her ముఖంలో . those are విద్యార్థులు , so .... 
all of us, divide the flow of your human experience	all of us , divide మీ మానవ అనుభవం యొక్క ప్రవాహం 
no. no, no, no.	no . no , కాదు కాదు. 
well, nicholas boyle attacked abigail, you.	well , nicholas boyle attacked అబిగైల్, మీరు . 
hey, man, han's labor ain't cheap, man, you feel me?	హే, మనిషి, హాన్ శ్రమ చౌక కాదు, మనిషి , you feel me ? 
torpedo away!	torpedo away ! 
it's in the hands of the designer.	it 's డిజైనర్ చేతిలో . 
jim corrigan.	jim corrigan . 
how old are you?	ఎంత వయస్సు are you ? 
pinhead's out cold, but watch this.	pinhead 's out cold , but ఇది చూడు . 
thank you everyone!	thank you everyone ! 
that's my real name.	that 's నా అసలు పేరు . 
kiyomori! are you saying, you don't care about your friends?	kiyomori ! are you saying , మీరు మీ స్నేహితుల గురించి పట్టించుకోరా? 
oh, i'm sorry...	oh , i 'm sorry ... 
for the soviet invasion i have prepared	సోవియట్ దండయాత్ర కోసం i have prepared
we had to go on without a singer.	we had గాయకుడు లేకుండా వెళ్ళడానికి . 
please don't lose.	please do n't lose . 
rattling everything in the room.	rattling everything గదిలో . 
but at the moment, all we can imagine is sometime in the 2030s.	but at the moment , అన్ని మేము ఊహించవచ్చు is sometime in the 2030s . 
that's what i said!	that 's నేను ఏమి చెప్పాను ! 
you understand we need to investigate any uncleared incursions into restricted sections of the white house.	you understand శ్వేతసౌధంలోని నిరోధిత విభాగాల్లోకి ఏవైనా అస్పష్టమైన చొరబాట్లను మేము పరిశోధించాలి . 
i know famous musicians	i know ప్రసిద్ధ సంగీతకారులు 
it's only on paper but you are now the managing director of michinami corporation.	it 's only on paper but మీరు ఇప్పుడు మిచినామి కార్పొరేషన్ మేనేజింగ్ డైరెక్టర్. 
you go home now, things'll only get worse.	నువ్వు ఇప్పుడు ఇంటికి వెళ్ళు , things'll only get worse . 
what do you want, reverend?	what do you want , reverend ? 
is not dense compared with the really dense cities.	is not dense నిజంగా దట్టమైన నగరాలతో పోలిస్తే . 
originally, the clone was supposed to obey this order and vanish.	originally , the clone was supposed ఈ ఆజ్ఞను పాటించి అదృశ్యం . 
director, sir...	director , సార్ ... 
two of my men were killed in the embassy explosion.	నా ఇద్దరు పురుషులు were killed in the embassy explosion . 
to my neighbourhood.	to నా పొరుగు ప్రాంతం . 
can you get some sleep?	can you get కొంత నిద్ర ? 
good answer!	good answer ! 
can i have her number?	can i have ఆమె సంఖ్య ? 
please open it after we see mr. doi's video	please open it after we see శ్రీ. doi యొక్క వీడియో 
we'll find out by taking one look at the dragon radar.	we 'll find out డ్రాగన్ రాడార్‌ను ఒక్కసారి పరిశీలించడం ద్వారా . 
in the himalayas	in హిమాలయాలు 
explain to me what the hell's going on here.	explain to me ఇక్కడ ఏమి జరుగుతోంది . 
if you'd actually told us about your plan in advance, we'd have had time to get here.	మీరు నిజంగా మీ ప్లాన్ గురించి మాకు ముందే చెప్పినట్లయితే , we 'd have had time to get here . 
oh, lord e in, come in.	oh , లార్డ్ ఇ ఇన్ , come in . 
god damn.	god తిట్టు. 
hey, give me that.	hey , give me that . 
which means, that wasn't the 'akuryo no kagi'. too bad...next.	which means , అది &#39;అకుర్యో నో కాగి&#39; కాదు . too bad ... next . 
i will be the one to have all seven balls!	i will be మొత్తం ఏడు బంతులను కలిగి ఉండేవాడు ! 
they say that musashi miyamoto was able to catch a fly with his chopsticks.	they say ముసాషి మియామోటో తన చాప్‌స్టిక్‌లతో ఈగను పట్టుకోగలిగాడు . 
but only with each other's help.	but only with ఒకరి సహాయం . 
are you being sarcastic?	are you being sarcastic ? 
hi, i'm hank schrader.	hi , i 'm హాంక్ స్క్రాడర్ . 
he wanted to make your death look like deep vein thrombosis.	he wanted మీ మరణం లోతైన సిర త్రాంబోసిస్ లాగా కనిపించడానికి . 
they just want me.	they just want me . 
which tower you plan to attack with the volm. tell me the plan.	you plan volmతో ఏ టవర్‌పై దాడి చేయాలి . tell me ప్రణాళిక . 
good!	good ! 
won't have to miss me that much.	wo n't have నన్ను చాలా మిస్సవడానికి . 
don't think about any other movements.	do n't think ఏదైనా ఇతర కదలికల గురించి . 
to nonstate actors.	to nonstate నటులు . 
for a single moment, or even a specific trip.	for ఒక్క క్షణం, లేదా నిర్దిష్ట పర్యటన కూడా . 
drinking them.	drinking them . 
the overnight delivery guy already i.d.'d you as the guy who signed for those tickets.	the overnight delivery guy already i.d . 'd ఆ టిక్కెట్ల కోసం సంతకం చేసిన వ్యక్తిగా మీరు . 
but our oxygen was going down faster	but మా ఆక్సిజన్ was going down faster 
it's a ring. organized burglary.	it 's ఒక ఉంగరం . organized burglary . 
i asked gabriel to close it.	i asked gabriel దాన్ని మూసివేయడానికి . 
you are my friend, natsumedono.	you are నా స్నేహితుడు, నాట్సుమెడోనో . 
when he learns of our bravery, the polaris king will surely awaken and rush to our aid!	అతను మా ధైర్యం గురించి తెలుసుకున్నప్పుడు , the polaris king will surely awaken and rush to our aid ! 
will is doing his best to understand where he is and why.	will is doing his best అతను ఎక్కడ ఉన్నాడో మరియు ఎందుకు ఉన్నాడో అర్థం చేసుకోవడానికి . 
and bill, if you're here, nobody thinks you're megalomaniacal.	and bill , మీరు ఇక్కడ ఉంటే , nobody thinks you're megalomaniacal . 
iced tea.	iced tea . 
all you have to do is get a son in the stark girl.	all you have to do is కఠోరమైన అమ్మాయిలో కొడుకును పొందండి . 
and basically what the insect has to do	and basically the insect has ఏం చేయాలి 
around the world, and now people of all ages, using hyperscore.	around the world , and ఇప్పుడు అన్ని వయసుల వారు, హైపర్‌స్కోర్‌ని ఉపయోగిస్తున్నారు . 
i don't know.	i do n't know . 
was i gonna be able to take care of her?	was i gon na ఆమెను జాగ్రత్తగా చూసుకోగలగాలి ? 
sandra, i'm here. can you hear me?	sandra , i 'm here . can you hear me ? 
nope. not at all.	nope . not at all . 
sometimes you get it wrong. next time you do better.	sometimes you get అది తప్పు . మరల ఇంకెప్పుడైనా you do better . 
now these musical instruments	now these musical instruments
out of the way! out of the way! out of the way!	out మార్గం యొక్క ! out మార్గం యొక్క ! out మార్గం యొక్క ! 
why didn't you start half an hour ago?	why did n't you start అరగంట క్రితం ? 
as you know	as you know
the path forward is really pretty clear.	ముందుకు మార్గం is really pretty clear . 
i'm the... i'm the guy.	i 'm the ... i 'm వ్యక్తి . 
birthday?	birthday ? 
we don't know what the chair does, but birkhoff recognized this.	we do n't know కుర్చీ ఏమి చేస్తుంది , but birkhoff recognized this. 
and when they've doubled in size, you'll see them split	and అవి రెట్టింపు పరిమాణంలో ఉన్నప్పుడు , you 'll see them split 
i brought you a pokkin. why?	i brought you నన్ను క్షమించండి . why ? 
business is at the front of my mind too.	business is నా మనస్సు ముందు too . 
stop filming.	stop filming . 
are you in your bedroom?	are you మీ పడకగదిలో ? 
you'll fuck it up if you're too tense.	you 'll fuck it up మీరు చాలా టెన్షన్‌గా ఉంటే . 
if mao had never finished the contract, wouldn't that be okay?	మావో ఒప్పందాన్ని ఎప్పటికీ పూర్తి చేయకపోతే, would n't that be okay ? 
actually, i have something for you.	actually , i have something మీ కోసం . 
and people do terrible things in wars.	and people do భయంకరమైన విషయాలు in wars . 
elijah, if not answering your phone was part of your clever plan to get me back to this godforsaken city, then well done.	elijah , if not answering your phone was ఈ దేవుణ్ణి విడిచిపెట్టిన నగరానికి నన్ను తిరిగి తీసుకురావాలనే మీ తెలివైన ప్రణాళికలో భాగం , then well done . 
the way that we think about the nature of biology.	the way మేము జీవశాస్త్రం యొక్క స్వభావం గురించి ఆలోచిస్తాము . 
the machine's given me a mission, and step one is to team up with you.	the machine 's given me a mission , and మొదటి దశ మీతో జట్టుకట్టడం. 
killing your ex elliot!	killing మీ మాజీ ఇలియట్ ! 
now, if we're talking	now , if we 're talking
what are you talking about! tama was saved.	are you talking గురించి ! tama was saved . 
and, you know, if you think about this with the tsunami	and , you know , మీరు సునామీతో దీని గురించి ఆలోచిస్తే 
is that what i was born for?	is that నేను దేనికోసం పుట్టాను ? 
and ethnic conflicts in particular	and ethnic conflicts ముఖ్యంగా 
no... no...	no ... లేదు ... 
and that's how we're getting in.	and that 's మేము ఎలా ప్రవేశిస్తున్నాము . 
queen consolidated, how may i help you? they're in the conference room.	రాణి ఏకీకృతం చేయబడింది , how may i help you ? they 're సమావేశ మందిరంలో . 
and of the killing of makabe manami the other day is me.	and గత మనమిని చంపడం the other day is me . 
children are pure and innocent.	children are స్వచ్ఛమైన మరియు అమాయక . 
i don't know where it's coming from.	i do n't know అది ఎక్కడి నుండి వస్తోంది . 
something trivial like that when we're eating.	something trivial like that మేము తింటున్నప్పుడు . 
i am sorry too ...?	i am sorry too ... ? 
and to school sometimes	and to పాఠశాల sometimes 
not staying in touch, that's coldhearted.	టచ్ లో ఉండడం లేదు , that 's coldhearted . 
sensual.	sensual . 
like your father	like మీ తండ్రి 
well, actually...	well , నిజానికి... 
and for future expansion of the menu items	and for మెను ఐటెమ్‌ల భవిష్యత్తు విస్తరణ 
but it's cooled off now.	but it 's cooled off now . 
the day that yukio died	the day యుకియో చనిపోయాడు 
could it be that simple?	could it be సాధారణ ? 
i'm good.	i 'm good . 
you're the f.b.i.	you 're fbi . 
moreover, as everyone knows	moreover , అందరికీ తెలుసు 
but what if what they both said is true?	but what if వారిద్దరూ ఏమి చెప్పారు is true ? 
if you overwork yourself, i'll be punishing you, misaki.	మీరు మీరే ఎక్కువ పని చేస్తే , i 'll be punishing you, misaki . 
oh my god!	oh my god ! 
well, now that you mention it, i think it is.	well , ఇప్పుడు మీరు దానిని ప్రస్తావించారు , i think it is . 
i apologize.	i apologize . 
suspension.	suspension . 
i said, what kind of salts of potassium do you have? you know.	i said , మీ దగ్గర ఎలాంటి పొటాషియం లవణాలు ఉన్నాయి ? you know . 
can make this change in me	can make ఈ మార్పు in me 
it now must be better than the other.	it now must be ఇతర కంటే మెరుగైన . 
mikaela, do not touch it, okay?	మైకేలా, దానిని తాకవద్దు , okay ? 
i have a lecture coming up so if you can keep it short.	i have a lecture coming up కాబట్టి మీరు దానిని చిన్నగా ఉంచగలిగితే . 
mm! almost forgot... final dessert treat.	mm! almost forgot ... చివరి డెజర్ట్ ట్రీట్ . 
and then i realized...	and then i realized ... 
were out of coffee!	were కాఫీ అయిపోయింది ! 
and the neighbors check out.	and పొరుగువారు check out . 
so open the door.	so open ఆ తలుపు . 
assault with intent.	assault ఉద్దేశ్యంతో . 
i saw steven too.	i saw steven too . 
ah debussy	ah debussy
i've written an entire novel about her	i 've written ఆమె గురించి మొత్తం నవల 
you cannot offer me this ring!	you can not offer me ఈ ఉంగరం ! 
then how come you learned how to shoot so good?	then how come you learned అంత బాగా ఎలా షూట్ చేయాలి ? 
oh, put her in a home	oh , put her ఒక ఇంటిలో 
it was really hard at first! i could barely move at all!	it was నిజంగా కష్టం at first ! i could barely move అన్ని వద్ద ! 
i want a tattoo.	i want ఒక పచ్చబొట్టు . 
did you see the victim in conflict with anyone during your rescue?	did you see ఎవరితోనైనా సంఘర్షణలో ఉన్న బాధితుడు during your rescue ? 
she doesn't mean to hurt him, but children don't always realize how violent they can be.	she does n't mean to hurt him , but పిల్లలు ఎంత హింసాత్మకంగా ఉంటారో ఎల్లప్పుడూ గ్రహించలేరు. 
at a certain point in the video	at వీడియోలో ఒక నిర్దిష్ట పాయింట్ 
i decided not to go.	i decided వెళ్ళడానికి కాదు . 
who hurt dylan?	who hurt dylan ? 
could this have been printed with that?	could this have been printed దానితో ? 
you're so weird. [ sighs ]	you 're చాలా విచిత్రం . [ sighs ] 
are you leaving?	are you leaving ? 
i'm going to release it on a broadcast.	i 'm going దానిని ప్రసారంలో విడుదల చేయడానికి . 
so where have you been this time?	so where have you been ఈసారి ? 
and i wanted to turn around and get back to that street more quickly	and i wanted చుట్టూ తిరగడానికి మరియు మరింత త్వరగా ఆ వీధికి తిరిగి రావడానికి 
sanghamitra told me just last week	sanghamitra told me గత వారం మాత్రమే 
i have been watching you forever	i have been watching you forever 
it's all right, it's all right.	సరే అలాగే , it 's all right . 
sakuragi, don't do it...	sakuragi , do n't do it ... 
she had her mole removed when she changed her look.	she had her mole removed ఆమె తన రూపాన్ని మార్చినప్పుడు . 
full quarantine failsafe.	full రోగ అనుమానితులను విడిగా ఉంచడం failsafe . 
what were you two doing there?	ఏమి ఉన్నాయి you two doing there ? 
and we think it might have been his cocktail.	and we think అది అతని కాక్టెయిల్ అయి ఉండవచ్చు . 
we read you, raptor 47, loud and clear.	we read you , రాప్టర్ 47, బిగ్గరగా మరియు స్పష్టంగా . 
why would a doctor keep prenatal vitamins in a safe?	why would a doctor keep prenatal vitamins సురక్షితంగా ? 
boom! can i see that again?	boom ! can i see that again ? 
as we will be visible from the milky way as a tiny little puff of smoke.	as we will be visible from the milky way ఒక చిన్న చిన్న పొగ వంటి . 
you stay.	you stay . 
lord commander.	lord commander . 
it's written he as in fart, do as in angry, and ro as in robinmask.	it 's written he as in fart , కోపంలో ఉన్నట్లుగా చేయండి మరియు రాబిన్‌మాస్క్‌లో ఉన్నట్లుగా చేయండి . 
even if i'm not... here.	even if i 'm not ... here . 
you are not the boss of me.	you are not నాకు బాస్ . 
found some horses and a whole lot of weapons for some nasty hand to hand.	found కొన్ని దుష్ట చేతికి కొన్ని గుర్రాలు మరియు మొత్తం చాలా ఆయుధాలు . 
then you kill him.	then you kill him . 
you're in tribes here. hopefully you're extending the reach	you 're తెగలలో here . hopefully you 're extending చేరుకోవడానికి 
you want some help?	you want కొంత సహాయం ? 
killing michonne	killing michonne 
of what i have to get a feel just like this?	of నేను ఇలాంటి అనుభూతిని పొందాలి ? 
you know i don't fuck around.	నీకు తెలుసు i do n't fuck around . 
my leg! aah aah aah!	my leg ! aah aah aah ! 
the first time i heard that, i thought, what a lame thing to say	నేను మొదటిసారి విన్నాను , i thought , what a lame thing to say 
it wasn't that the more religious people	it was n't that ఎక్కువ మతపరమైన వ్యక్తులు 
we need real people.	we need నిజమైన వ్యక్తులు . 
is less than five percent.	is ఐదు శాతం కంటే తక్కువ . 
for the entire duration of the eight seconds.	for ఎనిమిది సెకన్ల మొత్తం వ్యవధి . 
he worked out of a basement lab in harvard doing research for a toothpaste company.	he worked హార్వర్డ్‌లోని బేస్‌మెంట్ ల్యాబ్ నుండి doing research for a toothpaste company . 
if you want me to help, then beat me in	మీరు నేను సహాయం చేయాలనుకుంటే , then beat me in 
they're just covering their asses.	they 're just covering వారి గాడిదలు . 
mobilise s.t.r.l.k.e. units, 25th floor.	mobilise strlke . units , 25వ అంతస్తు . 
or store their data in clouds like icloud	or store their data ఐక్లౌడ్ వంటి మేఘాలలో 
and protect you with all of her life?	and protect you ఆమె జీవితాంతం ? 
and uh... with her... down to her bottom underwear.	and uh ... ఆమెతొ... down to her bottom underwear . 
what you	what you 
stop ! i need a break !	stop ! i need విరామం ! 
it's worth paying a substantial premium	it 's గణనీయమైన ప్రీమియం చెల్లించడం విలువ 
is going to be an absolute part of this work.	is going ఈ పనిలో సంపూర్ణ భాగంగా ఉండాలి . 
it's just...	it 's just ... 
the sun puts out a certain amount of energy	the sun puts out కొంత మొత్తంలో శక్తి 
that's why i already told you it's impossible.	that 's ఇది అసాధ్యం అని నేను మీకు ఇప్పటికే ఎందుకు చెప్పాను . 
go...	go ... 
can you hear me? what happened?	can you hear me ? what happened ? 
ce n'est pas fini.	అది కాదు pas fini . 
i am still a police officer. do you want to catch him or not?	i am still పొలీసు అధికారి . do you want అతన్ని పట్టుకోవడం లేదా ? 
i want you to collect all the balls on this practice range.	i want మీరు ఈ అభ్యాస పరిధిలోని అన్ని బంతులను సేకరించాలి . 
her mother, melissa, has been invited to join live aboard so that we may access her daughter's dna.	her mother, melissa, has been invited to join live aboard తద్వారా మేము ఆమె కుమార్తె డిఎన్‌ఎను యాక్సెస్ చేయవచ్చు . 
that's okay.	that 's okay . 
more recent than from the fight with the producer. you know	more recent నిర్మాతతో గొడవ కంటే . you know
this time, it's really farewell.	ఈసారి , it 's really farewell . 
stopped taking their medicine or otherwise defaulted on treatment.	stopped వారి ఔషధం తీసుకోవడం లేదా చికిత్సలో డిఫాల్ట్ చేయడం . 
just let it be,man.	just let అది ఉంటుంది, man . 
they found cyanide in her pur...	they found ఆమె పూర్‌లో సైనైడ్ ... 
life stream dragon's effect activates!	లైఫ్ స్ట్రీమ్ డ్రాగన్ ప్రభావం activates ! 
just like these two.	just like ఈ రెండు . 
i'm paraphrasing.	i 'm paraphrasing . 
what the hell happened?	what నరకం happened ? 
that and your tea.	that and మీ టీ . 
want something?	want something ? 
and our children have grown up and went their own ways.	and our children have grown up and వారి స్వంత మార్గాల్లో వెళ్ళారు . 
oh yeah that's right	oh yeah that 's right 
he crossed the limits of his boosted gear activation.	he crossed అతని బూస్ట్ గేర్ యాక్టివేషన్ యొక్క పరిమితులు . 
look, i was thinking maybe, you know, me and you go check out a movie or something.	look , i was thinking maybe , you know , నేను మరియు మీరు సినిమా లేదా మరేదైనా చూడండి . 
i knew...	i knew ... 
how unfortunate, lancer.	ఎంత దురదృష్టకరం , lancer . 
i'm a family friend.	i 'm ఒక కుటుంబ స్నేహితుడు . 
he was looking at his hands the whole time he was talking.	he was looking at his hands అతను మాట్లాడే సమయం మొత్తం . 
because i'll always be at your side	because i 'll always be మీ వైపు 
you're not even 30, set for life.	you 're not even 30 , జీవితం కోసం సెట్ . 
you're not exactly looking for a singular fact anymore	you 're not exactly looking ఒక ఏకైక వాస్తవం కోసం anymore 
heichan... you've been tender	heichan ... you 've been tender 
you didn't go to peter and the wolf.	you did n't go పీటర్ మరియు తోడేలుకు . 
it was makidani counsellor' old phone number.	it was కౌన్సెలర్ యొక్క పాత ఫోన్ నంబర్‌ను సంప్రదించండి . 
yes. it's not far from here.	yes . it 's not ఇక్కడికి దూరంగా . 
buchikowase break & peace	బుచ్చికోవాసే break & peace 
but actually...	but actually ... 
i'll do anything, so please! spare my daughter...	నేను ఏదైనా చేస్తాను, so please ! spare నా కూతురు ... 
sara... why did you come back?	sara ... why did you come back ? 
to a sort of a planetary force here... some dark, terrible, incomprehensible force.	ఇక్కడ ఒక విధమైన గ్రహ శక్తికి ... some dark , terrible , incomprehensible force . 
he wants you dead, and he will attempt to have you so.	he wants you dead , and అతను మిమ్మల్ని అలా కలిగి ఉండటానికి ప్రయత్నిస్తాడు. 
now we will have a greeting from the graduating class.	now we will have గ్రాడ్యుయేటింగ్ క్లాస్ నుండి ఒక గ్రీటింగ్ . 
if you might remember anything about it.	if you might remember anything దాని గురించి . 
the night we trapped the reverseflash	రాత్రి we trapped the reverseflash 
he always gets drunk and falls.	he always gets తాగి పడిపోయాడు . 
so the dea wouldn't look into it	so ది డీ would n't look into it 
but i do think it's possible...	but i do think అది సాధ్యమే ... 
just an advertisement sign.	just an ప్రకటన sign . 
do you know, this morning	do you know , ఈ ఉదయం 
i need to get back quickly	i need త్వరగా తిరిగి రావడానికి 
well, don't act girly.	well , do n't act girly . 
collapsing all of a sudden like that.	collapsing అకస్మాత్తుగా అలా . 
the paintings were taken off the walls of your family home and carefully transported to the belvedere.	the paintings were taken off మీ కుటుంబం యొక్క గోడలు home and carefully transported to the belvedere . 
his uncle has a training camp near there. in gosa.	his uncle has ఒక శిక్షణా శిబిరం near there . in gosa . 
i had an entire house before, detached and all but i was just tired of the lawn care, upkeep and whatnot.	i had an entire house before , detached and all but నేను పచ్చిక సంరక్షణ, నిర్వహణ మరియు వాటితో విసిగిపోయాను. 
with this patient as soon as she was admitted.	with this patient ఆమె అడ్మిట్ అయిన వెంటనే . 
why didn't you tell us?	why did n't you tell us ? 
and there's your redhead.	and there 's మీ రెడ్ హెడ్ . 
oh, yeah, yeah, it's over there.	ఓహ్, అవును, yeah , it 's over there . 
beast... with michel?	beast ... మిచెల్ తో ? 
he's all soft and squishy and malleable.	he 's all మృదువైన మరియు మెత్తగా మరియు సున్నితంగా ఉంటుంది . 
next item. okay.	next item . okay . 
in that case, it's good to see you too.	in that case , it 's good నిన్ను కూడా చూడాలని . 
dumb luck and bad bookkeeping.	dumb luck and చెడ్డ బుక్ కీపింగ్ . 
thiswascistat...	thiswascistat ... 
thanks for the meal!	thanks భోజనం కోసం ! 
oldschool gangster and allaround scumbag.	oldschool gangster and అన్ని చుట్టూ చెత్త . 
believe you?	believe you ? 
fireworks, fireworks!	fireworks , బాణాసంచా ! 
and look at this, okay?	and look at this , సరే? 
but i can not shoot if i eat it	but i can not shoot నేను తింటే 
you with the police?	you పోలీసులతో ? 
this guy doing it.	ఇతగాడు doing it . 
i thought that my way of doing things were the best	i thought నేను పనులు చేసే విధానం ఉత్తమమైనది 
we're dividing up into two?	we 're dividing up రెండుగా ? 
that would be a department of justice	that would be న్యాయ శాఖ 
so, is it out on a trip? or not?	so , is it out ఒక ప్రయాణంలో ? or not ? 
hi. nice to meet you,michael.	hi . nice నిన్ను కలవడానికి, మైఖేల్ . 
reed.	reed . 
why don't you come sit down with me?	why do n't you come నాతో కూర్చోవాలా? 
i won't let my children face any hardships	i wo n't let నా పిల్లలు ఏవైనా కష్టాలను ఎదుర్కొంటారు 
and on my weekends i would go up, just like all the other tourists	and on my weekends i would go up , అన్ని ఇతర పర్యాటకుల వలె 
your work has been very impressive so far.	నీ పని has been very impressive so far . 
the emergence of the design profession	the emergence డిజైన్ వృత్తి 
the problem is that when you look about the west	the problem is that మీరు పశ్చిమాన్ని చూసినప్పుడు 
in a difficult time.	in ఒక కష్టమైన సమయం . 
all right! i'll fight!	all right ! i 'll fight ! 
if i was a father to any of my children, they'd be stoned in the streets.	నేను నా పిల్లలలో ఎవరికైనా తండ్రి అయితే , they 'd be stoned in the streets . 
create the drugs and industrial molecules we want	create మనకు కావలసిన మందులు మరియు పారిశ్రామిక అణువులు 
might be able to narrow down a location using triangulation.	might be త్రిభుజాకారాన్ని ఉపయోగించి ఒక స్థానాన్ని తగ్గించగలడు . 
i can't see, flo. you're getting a little too...	i ca n't see , flo . you 're getting కొంచెం too ... 
my dad's gonna be back.	మా నాన్న gon na be back . 
you can walk with me to scotland!	you can walk నా తో to scotland ! 
lights out.	lights out . 
ii'm fine.	ii'm fine . 
replaced in the name of progress.	replaced పురోగతి పేరుతో . 
and there stood two boys, each about 19, in white, starched shortsleeved shirts	and there stood ఇద్దరు అబ్బాయిలు, ఒక్కొక్కరు దాదాపు 19, in white, starched shortsleeved shirts 
what are they teaching these kids	what are they teaching ఈ పిల్లలు 
will do.	will do . 
oh, i'm sorry. it's okay.	oh , i 'm sorry . it 's okay . 
and context, what is really context?	and సందర్భం , what is really context ? 
and on a saturday night in marylebone	and on మెరిల్‌బోన్‌లో శనివారం రాత్రి 
oh, i know! it's tanigawa!	oh , i know ! it 's తానిగవా ! 
i don't know, you're the expert.	i do n't know , మీరు నిపుణుడు . 
hold it.	hold it . 
the world 's best guy! well the hotel lunch	ప్రపంచం యొక్క best guy ! well the హోటల్ lunch
how do you mean?	how do you mean ? 
i'm tired.	i 'm tired . 
work up whatever you can.	work up మీరు చేయగలిగినదంతా . 
no, that's not it. that's not it.	no , that 's not it . that 's not it . 
listen! right now it's impossible	listen ! ఇప్పుడే it 's impossible 
i hope if there is a result that kissed.	i hope ముద్దుపెట్టుకున్న ఫలితం ఉంటే . 
am i free to go?	am i వెళ్ళడానికి ఉచితం ? 
you'll definitely become a good nurse.	you 'll definitely become మంచి నర్సు . 
and isn't that what your facemash was about?	and is n't that మీ ఫేస్‌మాష్ ఏమిటి ? 
what is it this time?	what is it ఈసారి ? 
you poured your father's remains in and closed it.	you poured మీ తండ్రి అవశేషాలు ఉన్నాయి and closed it . 
