The quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog, and the sun set behind the distant mountains, casting a warm orange glow across the tranquil lake.
you are back, aren't you, harold?	あなたは戻ったのね ハロルド?
my opponent is shark.	俺の相手は シャークだ。
or the relative risk of drugs	ほぼ無関係です
gail, are you drunk?	ゲイル 酔ってる?
be careful.	注意しろ
last withdrawal was five days ago.	最後の引き出しが 5日前にあった
unless i kill myself and complete your story.	僕が自殺し 物語を完成させる
in crossborder crime?	国際犯罪に起きたのか?
let's connect the public to this activity right on their iphone.	皆さんのiphoneで この活動に繋がってください
then, if you want, you can follow me.	なら ついてくればいいでしょ
i don't care about the reasons.	それで こんなザマに 理由なんて どうでもいい
yeah, i promise!	ああ 約束するぜ!
dynamite, tnt, mercury fulminate.	ダイナマイト tnt 雷酸水銀
we're going to sell the house! everyone is rattled.	売っちゃうよ! あの家。 家族みんな バラバラだよ。
we're done.	遅いわよ
now that you have your phone out	携帯を出したら
don't you do it! don't you fucking do it!	やめろ やめるんだ
who are regularly forced by family court judges	裁判所の判断によっては 子供たちは定期的に
and of course, there's still the planning to do.	役者も まだ。 監督も まだ。 もちろん 企画も まだ。
no, of course. no matter. no.	問題ない
and when the exterminators take you away... you never come back!	駆除業者に捕まれば 二度と戻っては来られまい
that is our ...	我らの役目...。
you still thinking retrovirus?	レトロウイルスによるもの?
yuri? yuri!	ユーリ!
i want to get a girlfriend somehow before christmas.	何とかクリスマスまでに 彼女が欲しいんだよ
you've been at the bottom of a bottle for four years.	あなたは4年の間 ボトルの底にいる
legoprovided cad program isn't enough	レゴが提供しているcadプログラムでは不十分です
it's an act of therapy.	治療行為なの
there's no audience in the theater. look, it's totally empty.	観客が誰もいない ガラ空きだわ
are there any general conclusions that arise?	何か共通した結論を導くことができるでしょうか?
what? is something in my teeth? oh, no!	やばい、ふわふわしている変な助手に変えた!
in order so that the bird could properly be wrapped ...	この像をこんな風に包むために買いました
and again this video was taken right after my daughter was born	娘が生まれた頃に 撮ったので
i suppose old mother trentham... will have her begging bowl out while she's here.	あのトレンサム伯爵夫人は―― お金をせびりに来たのよ
i don't have the confidence to fight the company.	それに 会社の決定に 逆らう気もない。
why not?	なぜです
not the flowers of yesterday	昨日のことも覚えていられない
recently, fake blood looks real.	最近の血のりは よくできてる
don't move. ii can explain.	動かないで 説明する
what? no, not jacob like the name	いや、ジェイコブって名前じゃなくって
strange. and what about the whole...	変だな 他の事には...
chrome...	クロームのこと。 クロームの?
well, the verdict hasn't been read yet, so technically, it's still on.	でも 評決は まだ読み上げられて無い 法律的には まだ終わってないよ
metrics provides more numerical views on the data.	metricsはデータを数値的に表示します
we can go.	追えるぞ
i stayed on course. they must have it on the move again.	また動いたんだと思う
victor tellegio's people, who run resorts international...	ビクター・トレジオ一家 リゾート・インターナショナルを運営する...
oh, you feel protective of her, don't you?	あなたは彼女を守っているようだけど?
i think we may have misread this situation.	この状況を 誤解したかもしれない
can only the rich	お金持ちじゃないと
miyukisensei's not in	美由貴先生 いませんね。
what does not mean protective clothing! it is over if you go to bushsuri.	防護服なんて 何の意味もねえよ! ブッスリ いかれたら おしまいだよ。
together!	一緒に!
tsukishiro and hakuren are both rukia's attacks.	月白も 白漣も ルキアの技だ!
he couldn't get us right the first time, edith?	最初はうまく いかなかったんだよ
because the chinese government wanted to figure out	なぜなら 中国政府は 米国政府が監視している
well, you should start now.	さあ 早くスタートしなきゃ。
a killer?	殺人?
this is an oasis for the fathers, okay!	お父さんたちのオアシスです。 頼むよ!
m.h. m.h. m.h...	M.H... 」
it actually uses its tail too	実際に尻尾も使っています
goku! what should i do?!	おっす! オラ 悟空。
oh, no worries.	気にしないで
watch tv or something.	テレビか何かを見て。
of this philosophy.	実行している人です
who knows?	僕はずっと
you know, there's actually a warehouse just up here.	このすぐ先鸞こ 倉庫ガぁるんだ
so you quit school and quit looking for work and decided to become a chef.	大学も就職も やめて 料理人にでも なってやる。
yeah, like 53 years.	ええ、53年のよう。
yeah. yeah, maybe.	ああ、ああ、たぶん。
i did.	終わりました
can i ask something else?	あの もう1つ聞いていいですか?
man, times are sure changing.	殴られ屋だって... いいの?
that was...	それは...
what was with those sweaters?	何であんなものを?
this body to the earth	この体は土に返り
you be careful, okay?	気をつけてね。
this is an illusion, and even though	これは見当違いで
well that fundamental sense of oneness	同一性とも言えるその根本的な感覚は
what are you talking about?!	最近世の中、前提とした話ばかりですよ!
i can't take this.	我慢できない
that they get found out instead.	それで かえって バレちゃったみたいなね
who's a fish?	このお魚は誰?
get those vehicles out of the way!	車両をどけろ!
makochan and rabikun's drawing course	それだけ当たり前の事なのかもしれないけど
please give him good luck. okay, thanks.	幸運がありますように。nはい ありがとう。
what's what?	なんだいきなり
well, come in.	どうぞ
you don't look any worse for wear after your showdown with vega.	ベガと対決したわりには さほど 服は汚れなかったわね
i don't know. talkin' about makin' the maze a protected zone.	さあな 迷宮は保護地区だ
yes, sir. hey.	こっちです
what kind of planning?	どこで計算に入れるんですか?
if i find something, i'll contact you.	何か分かったら連絡ぐらいはしてやる
if we can build more function	もっと機能を持たせることができたら
i mean...	見て下さい
i'm amazed you didn't notice.	気付かなかったか?
space and time, which is so much more accessible to us?	もっと分かりやすく 「時間と空間」と言えませんか?
stevie, code seven, gold dust.	コード7 ゴールドダスト
oh, is that so. ah!	あっ そう。 あっ。
people dropping to the ground.	床に伏せてもらったりです
you must be looking at me as a pitiful guy.	そちは 朕を 愚かな男と思うておるであろう。
i missed god's pr esence.	神に止められてるの
and there is a fierce upward mobility in their very nature.	そして彼らには強い上昇志向がそなわっています
and i look at a beautiful bowl of fruit	果物を入れた器です
the following year, i bore my first child...	每一次喘息 都不愿错过发现你的契机
what do we do?	別に気にすることもないが
so he was smart.	だから彼は賢かった
who are you? walt and laura bishop, their daughter's the missing girl.	ビショップ夫妻です 娘さんが家出を
yes, call me back and let me know you're okay.	電話をくれ
you cannot do anything against the power that	相手は3人だ! やっちまえ!! うぉ~!
did you never think it strange?	おかしいと思わなかったのか?
is that all right with you?	いいかしら?
so they're not a donation.	寄付ではないのです
that safe has a sixnumber wheel pack with a doubleaction fence.	複動式フェンスに 数字のホイールが6つある
sure i'm affected.	気にしてるよ
a skillful lawyer a presiding judge who fears false charges	やり手の弁護士 冤罪を恐れる裁判長
welcome back. guess what, trunks.	分かってねえのは そっちだろう。
he knows now. drive, finch.	彼は今 知った 逃げろ フィンチ
leave it to the old master of sales.	手伝うよ - 昔はトップセールスマンだった
watch and learn	見て学べ
he disappeared.	彼が消えた
that encounter will be in a good place	そういう出会いは 大切にしなきゃダメだ。
you are a good soldier, tup. it's time to go now.	おまえは優秀な兵士だ そろそろ行く時間だぞ
we need to start the sodra immediately.	sodraをすぐに 始める必要があります
takes quite this approach	この様な方法では
god medallion court of arms !	ゴッド・メダリオン コート・オブ・アームズ!
yes, we can avenge them.	ええ、復讐できる
this jazz killer	"このジャズキラーは
long, long ago...	昔 昔 このナレーションも今日でお仕舞いなんですねぇ
i don't know. evelyn doesn't let me have any food that's not vegan.	しらねーよ、エブリンは菜食主義なんだ
someone will always be by my side.	必ず誰かが そばにいてくれますものね。
our lives are not our own, from womb to tomb, we're bound to others.	人生は自分の物ではない ゆりかごから墓場まで 我々は他人と...
when i was your boss at rio bravo, i had your back.	リオ・ブラボーで私が上司の時 いつも報告をくれたじゃないか
it'll play. that's good stuff.	フェアウェイだ
what do we do?	何用だ。 かわいい子いますよ。
ah! what? excuse me. you know me	《あっ!? あのう あのう。 あのう 私》
the judge will never let it get past that	裁判官が通すことはない
and they put in the computer technology	コンピュータテクノロジーを組み込みます
do you think you can do that attorney work?	弁護士の仕事ができるんですか?
they intend to go straight through the forest.	敵は2人。 まっすぐ森を抜ける気だな。
just get the fertilizer, thomas.	"肥料を取って来い?"
but you know what?	でも あれだ 仕切り直そう
no. really.	ダメよ - 本当さ
oh well, it's probably just coincidence.	まっ 偶然でしょ
environment is important.	環境は重要です。
it will be easier to explain after i show you this.	これを見てもらった方が早い
regrettably, complete purification has yet to be confirmed.	三年ながらまだ確実な浄化確認が取れません
hide and seek.	かくれんぼをした
stop! my child is...	怎样才能有孩子呢
they've never met him.	会った事も無い
you gave me fucking keys.	鍵くれたでしょ
love...	恋の...。
hiding in the forests	生物学者が森に潜む シャイな動物を 撮影するために使用しています
unicorn!	いいか ユニコーン
you can rule the north in his name.	息子の名で北部を支配するんだ
what's wrong?	どうしました 折木さん
you can't imagine how much detail we know about brains.	脳についてもう信じられないほど詳しく分かってます
when 100 million sperm swim for 72 hours and...	1億の精子が 72時間泳いで 卵子に着いたら
tsukuda kohei is now a respectable company president	今の佃航平は 佃製作所という➡
okay, let's cut some cake.	よし ケーキを切ろうか
and it would be possible to have nationwide satellite radio	全国規模の衛星ラジオが聴けるのだと
why don't you just tell me?	ジャック 行って
yeah. this is a custom version of a terahertz frequency transponder and limiter.	1テラヘルツの注文カスタムメイドの物で
i've been walking the mystic path	神秘の道を歩み続けています
but i did say a really bad word to him	私は彼にかなり悪態をつきました
jirousan. can you help me look for niichan for the time being?	次郎さん すぐさ 兄ちゃんのこと探してもらえませんか
i barely survived.	やっと 生きてこれたんです。
daikansama, it's show time.	代官さま 出番よ。 出番?
ok, for interviewing, like this	これなら インタビューはいけるかね
but right now...	だけど今は
to help save these birds.	ケープタウンに集まりました
but it's not too late.	でも 遅くない
i know you will.	なぜかあなたにあげるんだって言って
mom must be crazy... even if i need money...	ママはおかしくなったわねいくらお金が必要だって言ってもね・・・
you should go to work with me too.	一緒に出勤もして そうするべきでしょう?
and he poignantly commented	彼が痛烈なコメントをしました
eva! eva!	エヴァ!
davis, cross him. flank right! flank right!	デービスは右
are you there, sir?	聞こえますか、サー?
to get the boxes onto the ship.	こんなに時間が掛かるのか不思議に思い
i repeat... emergency evacuation, the president is under attack.	緊急避難せよ 大統領は攻撃を受けている
oh, you tell me, or i'll have some ninth ward prison queen wearing your face for a condom.	言わないと ムショでレイプの刑だ
steven is always trying to hide money.	どうやって?
absolutely not.	絶対にだめ
you turn fading belief into light	君が光に変えて行く
you can tell a lot about somebody, looking him in the eye	あなたは彼らの事を詳しく話せる 彼の目を見て
so how we gonna do this?	だからどうやってこれを行うになっちゃうの?
i know the queen will approve when i want you	母親としては苦しくても 女王として私に同意したのです 私があなたを愛しているように
was the guy a monk?	ずっと一人で?
take it to liberty island, to what i believe you call the bridge...	リバティ島の "ブリッジ" とやらに行き――
and by the time i had spent half an hour talking about play	しかし 遊びについて30分も話をすると
this some kind of glitch in the machine?	ある種のマシンの不具合か?
i see them.	会えたよ
bathroom. kitchen. fish.	お風呂 キッチン そしてお魚
participating in the 3legged race with the homeroom teacher doesn't look nice.	担任の先生とする 二人三脚は つらい。
very grownup.	とても成長したの
bring me the first branch your shoulder brushes on your journey.	帰ったら最初に 甘えさせて
throw him in isolation. access granted.	隔離室に放り込んで "アクセス許可"
it is no one's fault.	誰も居ない
what is it?	これは何のつもりだ?
jacques is your lover?	ジャックがあなたの?
that's one of the clichs of fortune telling.	それこそ 占い師の常套句ね。