it's suliban.	スリバン人です
nothing thrills me more than to see kids pollinating plants instead of each other.	生徒がお互いの受精じゃなくて 植物の受粉に熱中してくれてるよ!
do you want to spend all night at the cemetery in this rain?	この雨の中 一晩中 墓地にいたい?
our ships are in attack position.	船はもう攻撃発起位置にある。
what about the original sam? huh?	オリジナルの サムが居るんだぞ
even though, i don't like it, so quit your job!	でも ヤダから お仕事 辞めて!
goku continued on his journey alone, and became steadily stronger!	悟空は 一人旅を続けて どんどん強くなった。
we will now begin the emergency captains' meeting!	これより 緊急隊首会を行う。
so in other words, because of the lights and the projectors	言い換えれば 今ここにいる部屋の
not funny, david. where the hell are you?	一体どこに居るの?
this is an unnamed species of copepod. a copepod is a crustacean.	これは名前のないカイアシ つまり甲殻プランクトンです
let's submit those service records like that.	そういう勤務記録を提出しろ。
you seem to be mistaken.	公序良俗に反するレベルだと 思われることのほうが問題だ。
what a surprise.	驚いたわ
stirrings?	動揺 ?
i think it's an inspired idea.	それは見事なアイデアだと思います
please. sorry, kiddo.	お願い
i have more invested in this case than any of you assholes.	そこのアホより 多くを費やした
come on, guys.	さあ、行くわよ!
suck my dick, batty boy!	くそったれ ヘンテコ野朗
tomato ramen desho? sounds delicious.	トマトラーメンでしょ? おいしそうですね。
there are flowers that even florists don't know about?	バカでも その特徴がわかるぜ。
they're trying to raise their offspring	子育てには必死に取り組みます
if he were real, could i do this?	そうだったら、次はできないだろう?
i wish my life would be so sweet	人生もこれだけ甘ければいいのに
we won! we won!	私たちは勝った!
and i'll quickly just show you the interface.	そのシーンをお見せしましょう。
every single one.	誰もが
a snitch?	誰だって?
why didn't you just go to law school?	どうしてロースクールに行かなかった?
president taylor is locked in the safe room.	大統領が避難室に閉じこもった
this is one of cantor's friends planting the evidence.	彼の友人が記録した証拠です 友人が銃を見つけ
or do you...	それとも―
it's just us two.	誰も 私達2人だけ
so tell me, what am i?	判定を 私は 一体どれ?
and access classifiied recordings of the acting chief of staff.	首席補佐官代行の極秘の録音に アクセスしろと言うのか?
her sister was there.	彼女の妹は あそこにいた もっと大勢いるのよ
well, then he lied to you.	じゃ奴が嘘をついたんだ
i don't want to make you cry anymore.	もう おねえのこと泣かせたくないし。
package is inbound.	パッケージは本国行きだ
and everyone who enters the domain of her	花天狂骨の霊圧領域に 入った者はすべて
well the race certainly had some extenuating circumstances.	確かに色々 考え合わせると... どうでしょう
but the point is that the bitter experience of section 34	そこで この「34項の失敗」という
and now i've made a machine that lets me do that.	それで機械を作った 今は機械がそれをする
looks like we're a little over halfway there. why?	あと半分くらい どうして?
ah, no, mate, no. no, no that was, that was two days in belfast, man.	ああ違う 違う 2日間だけ
gotta take it with you.	いつももってなよ
the window is full with squares of katherine march.	窓いっぱい 彼女の作品よ
for shinkai hakase, there's no such thing as impossible, right?	新海ハカセに 不可能は ないんでしょ?
wedding anniversary tonight.	あっ。 今日は 初めての 結婚記念日なんです。
for today, these two girls are for me.	とりあえず今日は これとこれ もらってくから
after all, this place has nothing to do with us.	ここは私達と全然関係ないところなんだって
absolutely.	勿論
'dear sir, it's been a month now since i started working.	<「前略 ごめんください。 働き始めて 今日で1か月です。➡
and imagine copying that by hand.	それを手で書き写す
that two out of three exoffenders reoffend	出所5年以内に 再び罪を犯すと聞いても
we'll find out what amanda's up to.	アマンダの企みは 見つけ出す
it would be cheaper to buy a new pair.	アカンわ 新品のほうが安上がりや。
from secondhand smoke in the workplace.	危険がないと証明するためのものでした
where is she?	どこへ?
i would start covering my hair.	トルコのステレオタイプは
then a prawn shrimp .what is then what is kora !!	じゃあ 「車海老」。 じゃあって 何だよ コラ~!!
what? you said that we couldn't make it on your salary alone.	えっ? 姉ちゃんの給料だけじゃ 無理って言っただろ。
well, a trailer burns at about 700 degrees, so i'd say about a quart and a half of this stuff should do the trick.	このトレーラーは 約700度で燃えてる 4分の3は収集できそうだ ちょっと待て
who...who said that?	誰が喋った?
i promise i'll explain everything to you ok, one day.	私は、 okあなたにすべてのもの、1日に説明しますと約束。
that's a relief...	あっ 煮卵!
that's a big problem.	これは大きな問題です
yeah, brother.	ああ 兄弟
in case it's space invaders i just thought of something...	もしインベダーが いるなら...
the victim in the rain.	雨の中の犠牲者
the future is unknown, the future is uncertain	未来のことは分からず 不確かですが
i don't give a shit. i'll go to the police, the mp, the papers...	警察・mp・新聞・・・ どこにでも行く
where i became a tour guide.	ツアーガイドになりました
so, what are you going to do, nagisa?	どうするの、りえちゃん?
wait. we haven't established comms here.	待って まだ通信出来てないわ
l need you to check the inventory.	在庫を確認してくれ
i won't enter the umbrella.	25点かな。 2...!?
isn't it funny if a guy who was ready to be framed	罪 かぶってまで あそこ 守ろうとしたやつが
you can call your sister.	妹に電話していいよ
what's more, it tells you immediately that	それに加えて リードの存在が
it's very beneficial in terms of the efficiency of communicating information;	情報交換の効率面に貢献して
like i said, you are not getting me out of this cell!	言ったように、君は私 を牢屋から出せないんだ
why is that?	なんで なんでだよ
i really appreciate it.	本当に感謝してる
remember?	テロリストたちは
a wrench?	レンチ?
heating and air conditioning.	空調といった機能が備わっています
in fact, i wanted to be a teacher who is trusted by students.	ほんとは 生徒に信頼される 教師になりたくて
hades is helping me to die.	彼ガ死ぬ手助ーブを ~~〟
i waited for none called setsuna	待ったなし刹那に呼ばれ
why are you doing this?	これで 幻を見せられるんですか?
why, of all things, did suguruchan feed a cat.	あー... なんだって よりによって 卓ちゃんがネコに...。
experience law enforcement like us	私たちと同じような 警察の関与を体験してもらうことができます
nothing personal.	わだかまりは ない
rose.	ローズ!
and if i see you flinch, you're out.	もしお前がだじろだら、脱落だ
give me my daughters back.	娘達を返して欲しい
why is it that when we had rotary phones	なぜ 電話機がダイヤル式だったり
something like that.	何か用が
umeko, my cuffs! here!	梅子! ワッパ! ここに!
did the janitor see anyone?	管理人は 誰か見た?
due to the war, that island had a lot of casualties;	大変な苦労をさせられましてな
no entourage today?	得意の大名行列はどうした
now we are discovering a more accurate vision	今 無意識 そして 深層心理について
it changes a lot.	よく染め直すの
thursday at the club, you're on.	クラブで木曜日 決まりだ
croupon.	クルーポン
is this how you wish to proceed? with clownish games?	こっけいなゲームで捜査を進めるのが 君のやり方か?
is the paper inside?	論文が、入ってるの?
they match perfectly.	完全に一致しました。
can i rinse out my mouth first? sorry.	口 ゆすいできていいっすか? すいません。
i'm gonna get my coat.	コート取って来る
i've, uh, felt the light of an angel and the hand of the devil.	天使の光を感じたと思った でも悪魔の手だったのです
i will not stay another minute with this idiot.	私はこの馬鹿ともう1分たりといっしょに いたくないわ
death merchants.	死の商人
i even stopped going to school to work on it.	学校に行ってる暇も惜しんで
being chased should probably cover it.	追われてるだけで充分
and i want to know what this symbol means.	それとシンボルも
but in the last 100 years, we lost half of that.	過去100年の間の消失面積が その半分を占めています
are you okay?	そのうえで 様子を見る。 いいな?
must be worth a fortune now.	これで価値が出る
oh, i forgot.	おお 忘れていた。
good morning!	おっはよー!
well, what would you have me do?	どうすれば?
it again. no doubt about it. see if you can stop	やってみましょう 同じです もう一回、やってみましょう
i gave a talk in new york a couple months after this	nyで講演をする機会があって
she only remembred many things suddenly.	ただ... 急に 色々 思い出してしまったようで。
i know that, dumbass	知ってるわよ
hi!	ただいま
you know, people say, oh, it's just natural.	ある人は言うでしょう "ああ、それは全く自然だよ"
and then they're going to pick up the rope	ロープを拾い上げて
those who want to work with food and those	料理を仕事にしたいって 思うとる部員も
were very worried...	随分 心配してた
radar kilo, 6195, position four.	レーダー・キロ、6195、地点4
you okay, kakeru?	使えないのは お前だ! カケル!
i said, i know, i know.	「分かってる 分かってるって」
even the freakin' coffee is perfect.	コーヒーまで 完璧だ
and even in brazil.	ブラジルであがりました
my name is ishihara, just like the edo governor.	都知事と同じ名前の 石原です。
you bewitched this poor man with black magic.	この貧しい男を黒魔術にかけた
about your specific circumstances.	特定の状況について
i'm sorry. that was out of line.	《すいません 言いすぎました》
wow, the view is amazing.	うわぁ すげえな
last time i went to kanazawa, i asked if i could make one.	この前 金沢 行ったときに 作らせてもらったの
the other is too big. costs twice as much to retool.	こっちは大きすぎて 改装費も2倍になる
this could be your story.	素性がわかるかも
listen, you fuckers, you screwheads.	よく聞け ボンクラども
as important as an advertising algorithm	サンプルサイズのデータでできた 広告表示アルゴリズムを
the poison and a map of the guardian's passage ways are gone.	ヌシの通り道の地図と毒薬がない
you need to stay with your family.	私達と一緒に
only if it will tell me where they are.	何処にいるか言ってくれる場合のみだ
come on, mom! pull, pull, pull, pull!	さあ、母さん 引いて引いて...
that doesn't sound like us.	俺達じゃない
if you draw me a cat, i'll make an ironon out of it.	ほな あんたがネコの絵 描いてくれたら
vente a comer mi hijo!	(「フアニート うちの息子食べに来な!」)
contact, twelve o'clock!	背後に敵
what did you do to shoutmon?!	え? タイキ 何をするつもりだ?
i intend to reimburse you.	金は返す
the idea coalesced around, let's make this a park	考えがまとまってきて 公園を作ろう
the meereens think they have a night market.	マリニーン人は自分が闇市を持っていると思ってるけど
where are you getting all this?	どこで このことを知ったの?
it's like i can't control it.	売れると思わない?
even though jody only returned to the ballet to connect with the girls, as she got closer she couldn't help but get excited at the prospect of becoming the swan queen.	ジョディがバレエを始めたのは彼女の為だった でも色々考えると興奮してきた スワン・クイーンの座
yes, she's alive.	有你这样的母亲的话 谁都会叛逆的
became a center	一般人からの様々な
invaded inv invit invited to the name day celebration for rylene florent on the first nigit	侵略 し し 招待 ライリーン・フローレントの命名日祝いへの招待状 最初のニジット?
the princess, enshrined in settling memories...	请不要忘记将笑容挂在唇边
i would, however, also like to take christine to the natural history museum on sundays after church.	クリスティンを 自然史博物館に 連れて行きたい 日曜の教会の後に
kinji, take a look under the driver's seat.	キンジ 運転席の下を見てくれ 車内にあるとしたら
this is the address of kitaoka's apartment.	北岡さんのアパート。
what are all those?	それは何?
he say, 'you've got to help me.' i agree. i agree.	""助けてくれるよな”って彼が言うから ""わかってる” 言ったの
use this to avoid the thing you hate.	嫌いな雨を避けるのに 使え
open the trunk, sir.	失礼、トランクを開けてください
and follow my orders.	俺の命令を?
turn two degrees to the left.	2度左へ 3ノット
doesn't get any more russian than the red peril here.	もうソ連人とは 言わない
well, i would like to go to bed now, however...	さて 僕はそろそろ眠りたいんだが
yabuki youko. she received the order for personnel reduction	矢吹洋子。 彼女は 人員削減の命令を受けて
what do you mean, an heir?	相続人か?
fujisaki yuusuke... you've got quite a past.	藤崎佑助 あんたの過去は壮絶だね。
ask her who came back for her when the mob had her on her back.	彼女が群衆に追い詰められた時 誰が駆けつけたかを
there's no place like home?	我が家にまさる所なし?
the same seeds i took from his safe.	俺が彼の金庫から取ったのがこれだ
i see a strong, confident, beautiful young lady.	強くて 自信に満ちた 美しい若い女性よ
and i think it's a lot better than they put it in an area	重要な分野に資金を投入しています
he had to be sure that it didn't blow up to the wrong people beforehand.	もし 誤作動すれば みんな吹っ飛んでしまう
hiking and taking samples	標本集めをしていました
he'll be out in less than an hour.	一時間もしないで出ました
i guess i thought that the dream space would be all about the visual but it's more about the feel of it.	思ったんだけど、夢って感覚よりも 感情によって左右されない?
uh, sorry!	ごめん!
you took flight 815 back 2 days ago.	2日前に815便に 乗っただろ
he lied.	嘘つきだ
and leave that girl permanently scarred?	そして 1人の少女に 一生癒えぬ傷を残すのか?
i should've recorded it...	録画しておけばよかった
ha ha ha ... i have not found it yet.	ハハハ...。 まだ見つかってないんだ。
that is all there ... i can not see maltai!	そ それが こっちもオールが... マルタイが見えない!
that the domestic agenda	国内の課題と国際的な課題は
but it's working.	とてもよく 働いてくれたから
have you not made up with kiryukun?	桐生くんとは仲直りしてないの
besides us, there are dozens of other battlefront members within the school.	戦線のメンバーはまだ何十人と校内で潜伏してるわ
brienne is a very capable warrior.	ブリエンは実力ある戦士だ
boazkesen september 1452 oh my.	ボアズケセン 1452年 9月
oh there's mommy. there she is.	ママがいる そこだ
and that we have unwittingly but willingly	そのシステムとは 私達が 無意識とはいえ自らの意思で
don't worry. i won't.	心配ない ちゃんと見てる
we didn't look here.	ここは見てない - 調べたさ
we can go actually and swim around on google earth	グーグルアースで海を自由に泳ぎ回って
and i'm going to finish up with a quote, maybe a little cheap shot	少しずるいやり方かもしれませんが
that's it! that's why!	だからって 大和に肩入れしてんじゃね~ぞ。
the town i hate.	大嫌いだった ドラマのない町
i wrote this statement	エリン・ルニオン:私はこの陳述を
cry like an old grandmother and not have my conscience bother me.	良心が痛まんように 泣きながらな
i appreciate your concern, john, but just as claire has made her choice	気にかけてくれてどうも ジョン だが クレアが彼女の 選択をしたのと同様に
because they've rebranded unemployment.	失業を再定義したのです
i don't think the good ones survive.	良い人が生き残るとは 限らんさ
what do you want from me, tess?	僕にどうして欲しい?
that's right. i was really looking forward to it, so i didn't sleep the night before.	夜が楽しみ ね ぽって
that was fast! he summoned another one!	早い もう1体召喚した。
how's madoka taking it?	わざわざこんな惑星まで来なくても済んだんだけどね
that picture, boy with apple, is priceless. understand?	「林檎を持った少年」の価値は 想像を絶するの、分かってる?
pretty sure they'll object to that.	納得しないだろう
wait a minute, i know this guy.	ちょっと待って こいつを知ってるぞ
oh... it's sacchan! it's rare to see you.	お~ さっちゃん! 珍しい。
i can not hear you stop doing it!	やめろっつってんのが 聞こえないのかよ!
we can't make meaning out of these enormous statistics.	これらの巨大な統計から意味を汲み取ることはできません
we're with the cbi, mr. porchetto.	我々は CBI 州警察です ポルチェットさん
if you press a keycard against your mobile phone for long enough, it corrupts the magnetic strip.	カードキーを 携帯に押し付けると
yup, no one saw me.	とばすぞ! うん!
are at risk, including those tomatopollinating bumblebees.	全ての美しい野生種が 危機に瀕しています
static 4, we are ready for take off.	離陸するわよ?
i've never felt better in my life.	こんな爽快な気分は 初めてだ
so what about that song?	何あの曲はどうですか?
as humanitarian aid workers	人道支援家として
we have just learned your arrival and can not pass up the opportunity.	お着きになったと聞いたので この機会を逃せません
i'm consulting my superiors.	上の人達に 色々おうかがいをたててたんだ
i have been planning this for almost two decades. it will work.	私は20年 これを計画してた
we're not selling.	スキラーは売らない。
thanks for the food!	ありがとう
but you can see in this picture	でも写真でわかる通り ―
you fucking traitor.	裏切り者だ
excuse me, i have a class now.	失礼 授業がありますんで。
you're fucked, man.	もういいだろ
what? you don't trust your subordinates at all.	はあ? 部下のこと信用してないですよね
your weapons...	武器を...
let's go.	会ってみましょう、ことみちゃん
gloria, luna and my sister came over, we reminisced about mayka.	グロリア、ルナ、妹が 来てくれた
his wife is lord oda's daughter	この者の嫁は 織田様の ご息女でしてな。
that's how kanbe was planning revenge	そうやって 自分を蹴落とした人間に
good timing, come and take a look.	ちょうどよかった まあ ちょっとこれ 見てちょうだいよ
in the last 20 years, it's really	これまでの20年間で私たちの生き方や
nobody move! this is a robbery!	誰も動くな!
now, please, please, settle down. now who here has a bank they would like us to rob?	Bブロックだ どこかな?
doctor's orders.	医者の命令だよ
but i wouldn't have you think that i don't like the place	しかし 私はこの右側も嫌いな訳ではありません
i double backed, like you taught me.	教えられたように 方向をごまかしてきた
invade their coasts	なぜ奴らの沿岸に逆侵攻して
you remembered?	覚えてたのか?
who is that? he's so cool!	ヤバス! 誰? かっこいい!
i felt ashamed, but mainly mainly, i felt powerless.	なぜ今 私がこの話をするかというと―
is the abu ghraib prison.	今のところありません
you're gonna talk to me now?	今お前が話しかけたのか?
danny is still alive.	ダニーが生きてた
yes my lord!	それほど仕事が欲しいなら...。 はっ!
what are you doing right now?	何をするんだ?
she's here.	彼女が...
if you do that, be more and more friends.	そんなんしたら ますます 友達でけへんで。
my line of business?	私の事業分野?
your elbow went into my arm muscle, mister. your elbow went into my arm muscle, mister.	"ひじがあたったよ"
and the one in front is quite normal.	前にいる子はまともに見えますが
sir.	サー こっちです
17 million books	国会図書館には1700万冊の本があります
you must understand. katsumoto pledged his sword... ... todefendtheemperor.	勝元は自らの刀を 天皇に預けた男だ
i was decorating for tomorrow.	君の旅立ち覚悟してたのに
joe, christ!	ジョー 最悪だ
how successful is it?	成功した年もあれば 失敗した年もある
with a half pint of vodka.	ウォッカ飲まされてな
the country is deserted and lawlessness prevails.	国はさびれ 無法地帯と化すなか 危険をかえりみない者達は
no, you were concerned, and you were kind of right.	君が疑うのは尤もだ
directly above	冥王星を 直接 照準に 収められれば
here! just like that.	へっ 私そんな別に...
you said that two things occurred to you.	もう一つは?
why can't we do what was done with northern italy?	イタリアの北地方で行われた事がなぜ私たちはできないのでしょう?
you know, i think the very best thing we can do	ジョン・ロンソン: 私の考える最善の策は
i guess i didn't have to worry.	しょうがないな。 うん?
so, what are you guys talking about?	何を話してるんだ?
and you really have to be able to withstand conditions	これらの条件をクリアして
the silly bastards.	アホ共め
or... he's mocking us.	もしくは僕達を
just promise me	約束してちょうだい
and couldn't understand why his son	彼は息子がワイアードに興味を抱く事など
hey, emanuel.	エマニュエル
so tonight, your doppy ex	その目を見て 考える ああ神よ しまった
farewell, gandalf.	さようなら、ガンダルフ
i have'th prepared myself in order to discuss our future arrangements.	2人のこれからについて 話し合う準備は 整ってありんす。
there's a collective phenomenon of positive feedback	正のフィードバックが重ねて起こり
amazing. that's right.	うぅ...。
to astronauts	何千マイルをも
the whole freaking world is a parking spot now.	マヒ状態で世界中が駐車場だ
you and the rest of your gang.	君と残りの友人に
we went back to tempt's room.	TEMPTの病室に戻りました
it's a feel the fear and do it anyway kind of thing.	不安を感じながらも どうにかやり遂げたというような感じです
we need to take on the risk of investing in vaccine development	リスクを承知で思い切って ワクチンの開発に投資し
who could object to such a partner? eh, darcy?	そうでしょう ダーシーさん
he's home!	帰ったわ!
appachan: i watch the world wake up every day.	私は毎日世界の目覚めを見る
okay, what you just heard, you can't tell anyone about it.	あの 今聞いた話は 絶対に口外しないように。 な?
not kidding... i saw the way you were looking at those sexbots.	本当に載せましたよ ロボットに興奮してたじゃないですか
get a plan together. execute it.	計画を作りそれを実行する。
yeah, and he collected it in genuine currency, not lous or food stamps.	食券とかじゃなくて ちゃんとしたお金でね
one event out of those 2,776	1度に3千人以上が 影響を受けたものさえ
he had a lot of ambition. i see.	やる気を示してくれた
that's because everything i see is lovely...	だって 目に入るもの全て素敵で...
eye injuries like yours are quite rare.	君みたいなケースは 珍しくてね
door's open.	きみ次第だ
ssu truly. okay....	さすがっす。 もう いいよ...。
we advise you that our preliminary findings indicate that your onboard 9000 computer is in error predicting the fault.	しかし 我々の予備調査によると―― 貴船の9000コンピュータが 障害予測を―― 誤った可能性がある
ha?	フン
uhhuh, but i learned my lesson. i'm going	でも目が覚めた だから...
a wish...	願い事って・・・
we need to find him right now.	彼を今すぐ見つけ出して
shh! i know what you... shh!	わかるけど 静かにしてくれ
with an extra added bonus. crucial, i might add.	追加報酬は必須よ
i don't have children.	私には子どもがいません
and the reconstruction process	戦後の復興処理が
and then when they get old, they haven't really developed a philosophy of life	歳をとっても人生の哲学もなく
i tried. what do you want from me?	望みは何だ!
that's multitouch, controlling a device	それは マルチタッチと呼ばれる―
something to drink.	飲み物です
to get to mars.	9ヶ月かかります
all right. all right.	脱げ!
today's lunch was good, too.	今日もおいしかった
the scylla and charibdis.	スキュラとクラディブス
was it moriyama?	はい ごめんなさい。 ええ... 森山?
i appreciate your interest in my wife's case, mr. jane, but what can you possibly do at this stage of the game?	ジェーンさん 妻の裁判に関心を持ってくれて ありがとう しかし 今の段階で あなたに何かできることがあるだろうか?
and i was documenting it.	私はこのことを記録に残していました
oh, jesus...	やめてよ
i know what i saw.	見た物くらい分る
you haven't got a chance, pete, but you can go out clean.	もうあの世へ行くんだ 吐いてしまえ
you'll need this.	これも要るな
looking good, strike a pose	助けて! 美神さーん!
hey, look, it's nothing yet, man, but i'm sure he'll hit me real soon, okay? you know, if i were in your situation everything you've done, every decision you've made...	確かに、すぐ連絡がくる 君と同じ あなたと同じような状況にいる
and then, we have to pay for our own exam fees.	ということは 検査費用は また自腹か~。
the pilot is feared dead, but his navigator is believed to have survived.	パイロットは既に死んでいると思われています しかし彼のナビゲータは生存しているもようです
then bring it to jack!	それで 「ジャック」に持ち込む。
this incident is targeted towards the older generation.	[テレビ]今回の事件は お年寄りを中心に騙すという
you need to trust me now.	今は私を信頼して
we decided, let's burn the 99 percent, the u238.	というのが Terrapowerのアイデアでした
you want a million dollars in your case. i want a million.	100万ドル欲しいと言いましたよね。 - 100万欲しいわ。
come on! let's get going!	うっしゃー盛り上げていこうぜぃ!
well, you are but...	そうだけど・・・
oliver.	オリバー!
do you remember seeing her around the subway platform?	地下鉄のホームで彼女を見たことを 憶えてるかい?
father?	父ちゃん? 父さん...。
case?	ケース?
sadly, my lord	残念ながら
locked in.	了解
is the case of race.	選挙の場面です
somebody... wait!	誰か来る 待って
and, so, dr. hayakawa gave you money	そこで 早川先生に金を渡して
you were testifying in a criminal case.	あなたは 刑事事件で証言していたの
i could only call her my cousin.	だから いとことしか言えなかった
hey, what are you e on. move the car.	車をどけて
additionally, alphonse is an empty suit of armor!	加えてアルフォンスは空っぽの鎧
your mother told me.	お母さんから聞いた
oh, good...	なんだ〜
but how would i do that?	でも どうやって?
fact is, it's gonna be a hell of a lot harder than standing here shooting at each other.	だがこうやって お互いに銃を向けて 立ち尽くすよりは 難しくないはずだ
worst guidance counselor ever.	最悪のカウンセラーね
get yourself together	頭を冷やしてから
but i believe that all the trials that we face... lead us to our purpose.	でも俺は直面する全ての困難は 目的へ導くものと信じている
i'm sorry for what i did.	さっきのことは、ごめんなさい ごめんなさい、あれは私じゃなかったの
i'll be sure to speak to principal celestia about it right away.	セレスティア校長に話してくるわ 今すぐにね
do not compound your failure this day by allowing our prize warship to fall.	宝物戦艦を陥落されて、 今日の失敗をさらに悪化しないで
fuck, you've been hit.	くそ 撃たれたか
miss watson and her partner there, mr. holmes, consult for the department.	ワトソンさんとパートナーのホームズ氏
officially.	そうなっています
it's out ticket to the rest of our lives, minus what i'm sending westmoreland's daughter.	少し、クーパーの娘に送るが 残りはこれからの人生のために
less blood... smaller and sharper!	血の量を少なく 鋭く
i don't know why you care anyway.	なぜ気にする? 昨日ハドソンさんを
i have to say that i think	私が思っていることを言わないといけませんが
nicole: no.	いいえ
of this inadequate japanese police force	唯一の刑事だ。
can you not just call her?	電話で聞けば?
what is this?	これが その波動コアです。
you dog of the church!	教会の犬め
so, eren...	だから エレン
their fate depends on their king.	彼らの宿命は彼らの王次第だ
and yoshizumi on top!	やめろよ! 更に ヨシズミ。
we are so dead. hey.	一巻の終わりだな
then what do you suggest, mr. strand?	それじゃどこがいいの ストランドさん?
i shall accompany you!	お供しま~す
i hope i can tell you good news next time.	今度会える時に 良い知らせがあればいいのだがな
this.	こっちじゃないの
emily cooper.	エミリー・クーパー
the pet evacuation and transportation standards act	ペット避難輸送基準法案を可決しました
left it on your desk.	なぜ私のデスクに?
erenchan, where are your color markers?	エレンちゃん カラーペンは?
your friends know what's wrong with him.	君の仲間は知ってるんだろ?
report when she's awake	彼女が目覚めたら報告を
how is that going, by the way?	ところで うまくいってる?
we're not here to start a war.	俺達は戦争を 起こしに来たわけじゃない
sakurako and ume, listen well	桜子もうめも よく聞いて
helps us get clear, engaged and aligned.	グループで明快な理解や 協力や 一致を得るために とても役に立つのです
and for me it's a symbolic picture	私にとって この写真は
seriously, im not hungry. what are you talking about?	マジ 腹 減ってないんで。 何を言ってんだよ。
how about a cow? moo.	牛は?
let me just be crystal clear about this.	はっきり言っておきます
in addition, these researchers found	さらに この研究者たちは
for many who grew up under civil war	内戦の中 育った多くの人々にとって
we're not even supposed to be doing this shit this close to worcester.	「オレ達が、ウースターの近くで、 こんなことしてるとは思いもしねぇだろ」
became a parttime employee at the child care center	「児童ケアセンター」の 嘱託として
all right. thanks. okay.	わかったわ ありがとう そうか わかったよ
oh, what were we...	ああ~!
there are no ordinary people, cassie.	[普通の人々なんて いませんよ キャシー]
liaison.	連絡官か
stein's fine.	スタインは大丈夫だ
well then	それって いつだろう? さてなあ。
i never gave you his name.	彼の名前は 話してないぞ
the killer is in the mural.	殺人犯は<壁画>の中にいる。
who were actively dying.	自身の死と向き合っていました。
if you'd like to come join us	よければ. .
where did you comes from?	あなたは、どこの出身ですか?
me too. i'm glad...	「僕もだよ」。 「うれしい...。
nope. although there were times	ないね。 まあ 遠慮してほしいなって
in 1994, you hired two bouncers to break the fingers of a musician who decided to, uh, switch labels.	1994年に警備員を 2人雇ってる レーベルを替えて ミュージシャンをデビューさせた
funeral crasher.	押しかけ参列なんて
i'm your new secondterm girlfriend, man aren't you supposed to be, like, impressing me still?	私は「第2候補の女」よ いいとこ見せる必要はないわ
! told me where she'd be !	♪ いつも ここにいるからと
fuck. he hung up.	何だ 切れたぞ
he insisted on talking to this bloody babadook thing all day.	恐しいババドックのことばかり。
come on! riki!	ほら! リキ!
all this stuff?	このバカげた事か?
go ahead, no one's sitting here.	どうぞ 空いてますから
approximate age...	およその年齢...
[boy] tommy's is full of holes...	トミーのは穴だらけで
he couldn't have gone far.	遠くには行けない
which mountain are those takenoko harvested from?	どこの山で 採れたんですか? そのタケノコ。
now or never.	今しかない
sweetie.	ああ、カルロス
i would there were no age between ten and	「13と20の間の年齢がなくなるか その間ずっと
now you can't use your hands!	これで両手は使えまい
hey, lemme go!	おい 離せよ!
you fucking wait out, pal.	お前こそ待機しろ
and perhaps to protect our knowledge and wisdom and skills	自分たちの情報・知恵・技術の
come on, come on, let's go!	(こっちだ)
we can't prosecute without a formal complaint, so the rest is up to you.	親告罪になりますから あとは ご本人次第です。
it's my job to get you through it. so you can be pissed off all you want.	お前の面倒をみるのは俺の仕事だ だから望む事に腹を立ててる
that is correct.	それは正しい
he would only take homeopathic medicine. he was a wonderful man.	自然療法のハーブを飲んでました
to be responsible doing my job as a receptionist.	責任持って 受付の仕事をしてきたつもりです
you should lose the puka shells, though.	あなたはしかし、 プカシェルを失うべきである。
eh! what? one day ago natsuko fell down today is not it! what?	えっ!?1時間前って 夏子が落ちたの今日じゃないの!?
what about next month's rent?	来月の家賃は
try it! try it! try it now!	やり続けてくれ!
which in turn causes less adaptability	それにより 順応性がなくなり
they're up for sale if you want them.	欲しけりゃ売ってもいいよ
incidentally, in regards to mishima kosuke's alibi	ちなみに 三島 耕介のアリバイだが
in order to show you how a big symphony orchestra is put together	どのように構成されるかを 示すため ベンジャミン・ブリテンは オーケストラの
polystyrene ceiling tiles	ポリスチレンの天井
i was uh... back in the 90's.	あー、90年代にね。
so, the check?	それで小切手は?
are you sure?	エヴァ・ザイゼル: あら 本当?
the thickness of a touchscreen glass	画面のガラスだけです
why would you say that?	なぜそう言える?
then what's it doing transporting human organs and blood?	人間の臓器で 一体何をしようというんだ?
i recommended staying on a while longer.	もう少し私が一緒にいた方がいいと勧めたの
you should go home and study for the exam.	《楓も晃太も遠回りになんだろ 早く帰って試験勉強しろよ》
have access to legal services	法的サービスを受けられるように
i mean, who are these people?	何者なの?
join the night's watch.	夜の番人に加われ
it interest you?	狩りをするのか?
so i had a date last night.	それで 昨夜はデートだったの
good for you.	よくやった
it's an alien species.	外来種ですね。 危険すぎます。 ボクらの手には負えませんよ。
the wind. i want the wind.	風が... 風が ほしい」。
no one on this ship would do anything like that!	ささやかながら 花を添えるものかと。
i got a new master to impress, and i'm betting bagging those two will do just that.	新しい主人の為に 二人を詰めて戻って 自分を売り込みたいんだ
for is piloting.	isの操縦の そりゃ助かる
my joon pyo and butterfly.	「私のジュンピョ 蝶」
we're going to pebble beach this year, and we're gonna get a trophy for that stand right there.	今年はペブルビーチしようとしている、 そして我々はつもりトロフィーを取得している そのために右が立っている。
yeah, i'm checking on a wire transfer.	入金の確認を
the first of many.	−※大勢の中の一人だ。
what's wrong with the par.	パー。 脚は どうしちゃったんだ?
ca: we need someone for.	クリス:では賛成の人
welcome back. avery, can i have a word with you in private?	ちょっと個人的な話がある
i knew i'd get it back before it would matter.	問題になる前に 返そうと思ってたわ
maleficent thought of how stefan cast away his ring.	マレフィセントはステファンが どうして指輪を投げ捨てたのか
handses!	手よ
you totally look like a battle fairy shazzan!	お前は どう見ても 戦闘妖精シャザーンだろ!?
like a metal surface.	ただ寒い
so the dodgers are tied, 44.	※点数は4対4の同点に...
gotta work.	私はそうです仕事に行くこと。
with image is holding us all back.	私たちの行く手を大きく阻んでいます
let me see.	見せてごらん
you need to keep your personal life in order.	你觉得和政宗有关系的人有多少人符合条件的
big news!	これは... 大ニュースだ!
you're a dumb fuck!	お前はクソ能無しだ!
there's a clock, clock, clock, clock.	チック タック チック タック
yeah, a man in my position travels with the wall, chasing shifts to make a livin'.	そこで壁を作ってた 生活の為に
i wonder, who will god side with?	果たして 神は誰に味方するのか
everything i built would be gone.	私が作り上げたものすべてが 失われてしまう
have you found them?	彼らを見つけたの?
i keep no secrets from my men.	部下に秘密にしてくことはない
come to me. what?	なあ とがめ。 何だ?
stay here!	寄るんじゃない!
swords in the sand, now!	武器を捨てろ 捨てろ!
while giving off something akin to haze...	もやのようなもの発生させながら
oh, i think i became a coffee snob	私はコーヒ通を きどってたわ
and like, i just think that those women, like	私はこう思うの 彼女達が体現しているのは
and on the back of this photo... his alias and present address in nowheresville, suburbia.	この写真の裏に... 別名と現住所がある ノースバビアの郊外だ
now you have to lead us out of it.	今こそあなたが平和へと導くべき時です
somebody just earned their detective badge.	やったな バッジが増える
neo, please, i have a son, jacob, aboard the gnosis.	お願い 息子が グノーシスに乗っているの
21 points is my generation.	21点はマイジェネレーション。
yeah, hold you, i haven't seen sam since high school.	でも言っただろ、 サムには高校のとき以来会ってないって。
ow! sorry.	痛っ。 あっ すいません。
oh, it is?	ああ
the people who disappear into smoke	煙の如く消えし者らは
i said i'm coming, carol!	今、行くよ!
it's here.	こっちよ
do you not think?	そう思わない?
and you're familiar, of course	ご存知の通り抗体は
marriage looks hard.	結婚は大変だ
she shouldn't have to!	— 頼まれる前にすべきでしょ!
why did you come here?	どうしてここに来た?
that way, i'm sure natsurusan will give me an answer.	そうすればきっと 返事をくれるはずです!
the important is that feeling of love. you can't assume someone's life with just feeling.	大事なのは「好き」って気持ち 気持ちだけじゃ背負えない
duke togo.	デューク東郷
excuse me	すみません
look, i'm gonna go now. i'm hanging up! bye.	行かなきゃ 切るわよ バイ
then i special summon it!	特殊召喚できる!
sam, we have to try.	サム 試してみなければ
pillar. mr. pillar	ピラーだ
if he were alive, we could have used him to broker a peace with winterfell and riverrun, which would have given us more time to deal with robert's brothers.	彼が生きていればウインターフェルと リヴァーランとの和平を取り決め ロバートの兄弟に対処する時間を 稼げたはずだが...
and this is kind of how the internet works.	これがインターネットの仕組みなのであり
faster, faster!	速くって!
fortune telling society	占い研もです
live stong....	強く... 生きるドキよ...
it opened!	開かないか...
those.45caliber slugs taken from the scene match perfectly to bullets that we pulled out of a rico witness last year.	我々が期待してたものとは 違うな 現場から発見されたこの45口径の弾丸は 去年 リコ法の証人から取り出された
we already had something ridiculous like that before!	その前に とんでもないもんを いただいちゃってるんだよ!
going to a mosque regularly is actually linked	定期的にモスクに通うと実際
we did it.	やったのよ
i'm absolutely not antirenewables. i love renewables.	私は再生可能エネルギーに反対者ではなく 大好きです
i'm about as happy as a cheetah that's been all tied up.	わ わあい やった ぐるぐる巻きにされたチーターぐらい 幸せよ
after i've seen the outline of my brother's body on the floor... you expect me to forget?	床に書かれた 弟の死体の線を見たのよ
i thought you'd say that.	言うと思った!
you sh...	ー お前を...
and special summon 2 infernity monsters from my graveyard.	インフェルニティ・ビートルを2体を 特殊召喚することができる!
is that nature has provided us a spectacular toolbox.	我々に与えてくれたと分かってきたのです
generosity.	分け合い!
our lord is the very blessing of health... and if anything, illness fears him.	国王は健康に恵まれています 何かあっても 病気は彼を恐れていきます
ryuheikun, eat it.	流平君 頂きなさい。
in collision with glass buildings.	10億羽がガラスの建物に 衝突して死んでいます
nice to meet you too.	ミーツ ユー ミーツ...
what do you mean by deserves?	"値する"とは?
my wife...	危うく妻が・・
yeah enchantress of course	よッ 魔性の女! まあね~
a bomb was placed inside your body for use in case of an emergency!	お前の体には もしものときのために➡
this really is patton's gun, isn't it?	これは本当にパットンの銃ですね?
this is just looking north from the center of the installation	これは インスタレーションの 中心から北を見た様子です
the one downstairs, tell me about him.	地下室の彼は何者だ
because you injected something	お前が20年前に
that's all right.	そうだな、うん、何か容器をくれれば
please return quickly to the investigation.	さっさと 取り調べに戻ってください。
yeah, well, maybe you should try feeling a little less.	ええ, もうちょっと 嗅覚を鈍らせるのね.
and bring her back to life later?	後から生き返らせようと?
and we would say it's headed toward atlanta.	そしてそれはアトランタに向かっていると思われます
any change?	変わりないか?
nothing!	ああ? 何でもないわ!
why have you been avoiding me?	なぜ 僕を避ける?
as you can tell, you need to be a robot to fly this thing for thousands of hours.	こういうものを何千時間も飛ばすにはロボットにでもならない限り無理ですね
the premium brands, the sonys and such, are losing market share	プレミアブランド つまりソニーなどがマーケットシェアを失っています
well, today is your welcome day.	まあまあ 今日は あんたらの歓迎会だ ハハハハハ。
a multimedia platform. we call it a lunch box.	マルチメディア用のシステム「ランチ・ボックス」です
all it does is make more work for us at school.	学校の宿題が増えるだけだわ
i know. cam told me. i don't care.	カムから聞いてる
take that hornets nest.	スズメバチの巣を取り除く事
now, then...	さて それでは➡
they shot him and left him out in the street.	撃たれて 道路に置き去りにした
i crashed through the ceiling and instantly came back down!	一瞬で天井に激突して落下したよ
he spreads open your legs and, suddenly, plunges his dynamite drill into your diamond...	脚を開くとダイナマイトドリル クリスタル ダイヤモンド
lucas, we have to go it alone.	ルーカス 我々だけでやる
that's why the price is different. functionally...	ですから お値段が変わるんですが 機能的には...
you lied to me.	騙してたわね
and all you got to do to make this a reality is hand over that little old talisman of mine.	この夢を 現実にしたければ- それを私に返すだけでいい
by then we had two grandchildren	その頃には 私には2人の孫ができました
come on, man. should i just tell them the only reason i know about harken is	よし 公衆電話ってどこにあるっけ?
i don't think anybody's doubting how dangerous this asshole is.	誰も思ってないさ 危険だと分かってる
okay? great.	オケー?素晴らしい
can you run a name for me?	調べてほしい名前があるんだが.
my sister is a victim. your sister repaid	妹は 被害者なんですよ。 妹さん
excuse me.	悪かった
you know, cam really didn't really have a choice.	わかってるだろうが カムには他に選択肢がない - オレにもだ
can you not put that so close to my face?	アップで撮らないで
he works with honesty and sincerity.	ホントに 誠実に 仕事をする人なんです。
everyone quit! what are you planning to do?	みんな 辞めさせて! 何様のつもりや?
where's annie and megan?	アニーとメゲンは?
a new song?	新曲が...
in an hour or two, i'm going to find out which one.	1、2時間のうちに 見つけ出す
moderator: so his revelations, your analysis	(ジュッサーニ) 彼の暴露やあなたの分析 そして
do you really think that's a good idea?	本当にやるんですか?
i see her in the crowd... in a city i've never been to.	群集の中の彼女を・・・ 行ったことのない 街の中で見つけて
no, you know what i mean.	いや そういう意味じゃない
oh, i totally forgot!	あっ 忘れてました
honey, you need to go to ground and it's best i don't know where.	ハニー 逃げろ 俺の知らない所にだ
and it pains me that i can't tell you all that we have learned with cassini.	カッシーニ探査機で得たことをすべてお話しすることができないのを申し訳なく思っています
back away.	知るか 寄るな
i'm coming.	私は行きます
you want speed?	もっと早く?
i was told that it was love.	それは恋だと言われました
oh, no!	痛ーっ! わー!
what about the police?	警察は何してる?
were you working?	仕事?
come on, let's get out of here.	べニー ずらかろうぜ
what from what, noisy morning	何だ何だ 騒々しい 朝っぱらから
crack passwords easily, can't you?	チャチャチャチャチャッて 解析出来るんですよね。
and a voice to their communities.	声を届けにやって来ました
and what happened after wasn't so nice either.	後で起こった事も そんな良くはなかった
do i amuse you?	楽しいかい?
how did you escape my genjutsu?!	一人きりの孤独な道に逃げずに...。
well, this is getting quite big.	そりゃ また ずいぶん でかいですね。
get it for me, hmm?	俺のためにやってくれよ?
he's gone.	見失った
he going to shoot you again.	彼はまた撃つぞ
it was my fault.	わたしのせいなの
which means that i've got to move.	ってことは、僕は動かなきゃいけない。
that's right!	今よ 出て
i understand well enough to see matsumiya kaga	松宮 加賀をしっかり監視しろ 分かりました
what begins to go wrong in the cellular conversation	対話的に細胞内で何がおかしくなるのか分かります
we're heading to baltimore.	壊れてるのも全部よ
here, it is a multiplicity of a heterogeneous structure	こちらでは 不均一な構造が 積み重なって
what the hell was that thing?	ソルジャーだ
iis that so?	それで お話というのは
i'd like to ask you for more information on the special a course.	もっと上の特Aコースについて 伺いたいんですが。
which is pretty much absolutely	そんなことをするのは
no, just bigelow and me	ビグローと俺と この相棒で
to this sort of general dissatisfaction.	2種類あります
i know.	私が知るか
hurry and go!	行け 早く行くんだ
now you have billions of this machine	今こうしている間もあなたの体内で
i'll give you the money for the ingredients	食材を買うお金は 僕が出す。
once you get more than one person writing it	書く人間が複数になると
unless you can tell me who's been messing with our stuffs.	あなたが否定しない限り
guga guga guga	「guga guga guga」
come on, what are you doing?	お前 何してんの!? マスコットだろ!
well... the dynasty was doomed.	退位の噂は本当なのですか?
i've changed thanks to you.	即使季节更迭交替
i was with her for a while.	しばらくベスと 一緒に過ごした
dyer's friend	ダイヤーの友人なのです
i can do it!	《邪魔するな》 《うわっ》
that i can't wrap my head around it.	11時くらいからでよか
it is pointless arguing with you.	お前達と議論しても無意味だ
to optimize the design of the device for migraines.	会社に提供したいと思います
i like it here. i'm going to stay here.	「ここが好きだから ここにいるよ」 とは言えません
tell her of my brave defeat. that's crazy.	無茶だよ
no one saw who.	誰も姿を見てない
because you and i are going to go search for lord en, right now!	焔王ぼっちゃま 捜しに行くんだから!
you sent my mri results to the u.s...	アメリカに送ったmri
i called the army base that david said that he was just discharged from	軍事基地に電話したの 退役したとディビッドは言った
is probably your neighbor's car	近所の人の車でしょうし
but the thing that really makes this awesome is the data.	さらに素晴らしいことは そこから得られる情報です
is there?	君に話す必要はない
but if the god became unruly and began to ask for human sacrifice	しかし 神が手に負えなくなり 人間の生贄を求め始めたら
we need to stop bauer before he talks to her.	その前に奴を止めるんだ
uh, married to jim martin for 13 years, no children.	結婚13年 子供はいない
in the middle of central city?	セントラシティが消える?
look, at the con, you can be anyone you want to be for a few days.	あんただって経験あるだろ
to discard everything...	なんでも知ったふうで
where did you get your number from?	”その数字、どこから取ってきたんですか?”
it was popular a long time ago!	昔 はやっただろう!
i had a long ride.	長旅だったんだ
or being a fake real:	fake realは
the one with the highest content is fuerte, and the one with the lowest is sauve.	高いのがフェルテ 低いのがスアヴェだ。
my memory's a little foggy on account of this thirst.	のどが乾いて物事をよく覚えていない
a pleasant goodlooking guy. it's a little surprising	さわやかなイケメン。 そんな人も
is like throwing another blanket on the bed.	ベッドにもう一枚布団をかけるようなものです
but right in the middle here where there's a sweet spot	その中間の 本来は音が良く聞こえる周波数域が
there's a lot we'll have to bring you up to speed on if you're in.	参加してくれるなら 色々と教えよう
so i have prepared some proof, just in case	なので 念のためですが 証拠も用意しています。
dave lister, who was in suspended animation during the disaster, and his pregnant cat, who was safely sealed in the hold	デイブ・リスター (カプセルに守られた方) そして妊婦の飼い猫
the brain saves that power by destroying a person's muscles and bones when they reach their limit!	限界を超えると 骨や筋肉が破壊されてしまうからなんだ
he passed me a copy of the incident report.	彼は事件報告の コピーを渡したの
ok, i understand	分かったよ
you clench your teeth so hard you think they'll shatter.	砕けるほど強く 歯を食いしばる
until the war is done.	戦争が終わるまで
his terrier is going blind.	彼の犬は 失明しかけてる
of course not.	効果なかった... 当たり前だろ
nick.	ママ! - ニック?
an industry around it, they need to know that their connection	海底ケーブルの力で産業を 発展させるつもりであるならば
what are you doing here?!	あんたはここでなにやってんのよっ!
good news, monsters.	グッドニュースモンスター。
where do you think i like it?	私の好みよ
get the hell back here!	うんこが漏れてしまう
we're very interested in something like this.	これをまた えらい気に入ってるんですわ。
just like you did.	あなたと同じようにね!
god gave us these flaws.	"神は私達に 欠陥を与えた"
now, shinpachikun.	今度は よ~く狙え。
but what we've found is they like the fluidity of the 3d model.	しかし これは3dモデルの流動性に適応できると発見しました
the client's not coming, is he?	うん そうだ! ですね!
and any psychologist will tell you	心理学者なら
so, who's lurch?	どこの大男だ?
bent on destruction.	折ることができるだろうか
no fucking way.	嘘でしょ
south sudan is going to be having a referendum in 2011	スーダン南部は 2011年に住民投票を予定しており
it's totally bugged out.	見事にバグってる
you haven't been charged with anything, mr. gerard.	あなたには何の嫌疑も かかっていませんよ
and he said, no, unless you're in the upper echelon and	「お金かスゴイ保険がある人でない限り
for you, i'd even borrow money from the bank.	あんたになら 銀行から 金借りてでも おごりたい気分や
her name is zumra.	女性の名はズムラです
can you talk about it?	話せる?
figure that's the first place you guys look to bust guys like me.	かわいいネルソン 何だって?
the answer is no.	何もなかったよ
and today we begin phase 2.	今日、我々はフェーズ2を開始します。
until after the second world war.	商業的な開拓まで至りませんでした
i've only known him for ten days.	彼と知り合ってからまだ・・・ 10日間なので その・・・
we'll never forget you, jack.	決して忘れませんし ━
all right. let's see it.	さあ 見せてくれ
this family isn't the only three that are here	この家族はな この場所にいる この三人だけじゃなくて
i really like sweet stuffs and i didn't see your name there.	私ね 甘いものに 目がないんですよ。
switcher. you are one sick puppy.	スイッチャー おまえ 病気と違うか
attorney seo, where are you going?	ソ弁護士 どこに行くんだ?
are in the middle of all the sex spectrum	半陰陽の人たちは性別の中間にいると
she had a dream about the king of sweden	♪ダイヤの車にプラチナのホイール
listen. it's fine to use manga as a reference	いいか マンガを参考にするのはいいが
where's this place?	妃さんが弁護された 裁判の裏話とか
aliens would never do this to people!	エイリアンは人間に 決してこんな事はしない
if we lose one more engine, we won't be.	もう一つやられたら終わりよ
comes rather naturally and rather freely.	きわめて自然に 自由に 発揮されます
sorry, we can't do it. we already planned dinner.	ごめんなさい 行けないわ
her character changes once it comes to history.	歴史のことになると人が変るね!
evening boys.	やあ お前ら
go through the counseling and the testing.	一緒に病院で相談をし 検診を行い
you got any stories?	あんたは どうだった?
just like a girl.	女の子みたい
i mean you've only known him for a few months.	知る様になって まだひと月だろ
that's easy!	お前の矢なら もっと簡単に➡
it was a parasailing accident.	パラセーリングの時の 事故でした
the steel king!	鋼鉄の王
what for?	そんな... 何のために
i've been on the road for a couple of months.	数ヶ月路上に居たよ
samaritan's ai won't get switched on until greer gets the government feeds.	サマリア人のAIは スイッチを入れられない グリアが 政府の供給装置を手に入れるまで
i wasn't on it. someone else was.	実際調査したのは 他の捜査員なの
that's why... you become a doctor.	卑しい ”乙”になるのだろうか
to make sure we were, in fact, fine.	大丈夫かどうかチェックしていました
i'm a big fan of yusei!	俺 遊星の大ファンなんだ!
that also is a reflection of this world with endless darkness.	あれも また 闇の続く今の世を 表してると言えよう。
i came back for you!	あなたの為に戻ったんだ!
these pictures you sent over look suspiciously like the ones from our automated license plate readers.	送られた写真が lprの物のように 見えるんだけど
just calm down.	なぜ父の写真が?
it's very important.	重要なんだ.
we just got a tip.	タレコミ?
well, if it isn't little betty crocker from the 'hood.	チンピラ上がりの ベティー・クロッカー?
everybody stay loose.	全員そのまま
how long do you intend to treat him like a child?	いつまでも アイツを子供扱いしやがって!
on my futon, fleas are...	私の布団にダニが...。
i want cake for breakfast.	ケーキを食べたい
what can i do? nothing. you're hurt.	何も 君は怪我してる ここにいた方がいい
you don't understand what you've done! you don't understand!	なんて事したの!
a generation is called upon to be great.	偉大と言われる世代が 現れますが
it won't be surprising if he was specially promoted two ranks.	二階級特進くらいあったって 不思議じゃない
that the number one cancer in women, breast cancer	エストロゲンとエンザイムアロマターゼによって
i activate shirokishi illuminator's effect.	俺は 白輝士イルミネーターの効果を発動。
so what's the problem?	じゃ 何がいけないんだ
because of that man.	そうアル。 そういうキャラは
for us love is the only serious topic.	だって 私たち 真剣って言ったら 恋愛だからさ。
raise your head?	顔を上げませんか?
i'll give your love to john and mary.	ジョンとメアリーに よろしくと言っておくわ
who paid you?	誰がお前に支払った?
of the organization or the institution	対策をとろうとする
not a proud community.	誇り無き民族と
and so we have on the male side	男性側には
even though we've been systematically distracted and repressed people have come up with innovative, ingenious solutions to a huge number of problems, that we face.	巧みに計画され、組織された組織された企てにあっても、 私達の優秀さは、発揮されると。 組織的に関心をずらされ、制圧されても
1956. oil on canvas. 80 x 100 cm.	1956年 油絵 カンバス 80×100センチ
but after more than 30 years...	でもさ 30年以上もたって
kaorusan, have you talked to sentaro recently?	薫さん 最近千太郎と話した
acting like caring for him..	彼を介抱するふりをし
so, you admit that you killed him?	殺したと認めるのか?
i told him that since the baby came to my side	私のところに 来てくれたからには
the latest nobel laureate of economics	世界中どの地域でも 経験的には
i can say that shimao is the only person i ever really dated.	能算得上認真交往過的 只有島尾君一個人
which in a certain way destroyed the idea of a collective purpose.	これは集団的目的という 概念を破壊しました
but it's still not complete.	あぁ いえ それはないですが 他のところなら...。
don't respond to pulses of light	光パルスには 反応しません
blair said you could help me find who i'm looking for.	人を探している お前なら助けてくれるとブレアは言った
i look at each of you, and i see the marks of this long and terrible war.	君たちの身体に 刻み込まれた歴戦の傷をー
what's your name, ma'am?	「お名前は」
to business.	乾杯
i don't think root's our biggest problem anymore.	ルートはもう 最大の問題じゃない
i didn't see her.	後ろにいた
impossible, right?	制止我恶行的根本不是什么裁决
ah, i hate proving things!	ああ 証明大っ嫌い マジで
but did you?	でもやったの?
although personally i think if a man beats you and fucks half the women he sees and no one will help you, axing him isn't the least understandable thing you can do.	個人的には もしある男が あなたを殴って しかも... 見た女の半分と寝て. .
yeah, i got a lot of star power.	俺はスターだ
he's not showing you how beautiful you are.	君の美しさを理解してないんだ
good things usually happen. bad things sometimes happen.	良い事はいつも起きる
this is my client's statement	これが昨夜起きた事だ
is a story of urban pioneers discovering a new frontier.	新しいフロンティアを切り開く 都市部のパイオニア的人物です
this is a suicidal cricket.	これは 自殺するコオロギです
guess what, mrs. bird! we found a bear!	ねえバードさん クマを見つけたんだ
neither. i like it here.	どうして?
you need help.	病院へ
here it comes.	行くぞ
during the german occupation of france.	フランスに占領されたドイツで過ごしました
i never forgot you, you know.	忘れないから・・ずっと
where's ned?	ネッドは?
this is bill clinton's limo?	ビル・クリントンの?
here comes the victim. keep the slack out of the line.	ロープを真っすぐ引け
but i couldn't take a submarine ride	しかし潜水艦は使えませんでした
it'd be a tailwind, but just in case...	マダムのいないカジノは 真冬のようで
you, tried looking cool in front of us once, right?	初潮が始まる子もいるんです。
kuriyama mirai is alive	大家 想去栗山未來那裡嗎
now for a tough one.	また正解! では 難しい問題です
well, if the enemy won't meet us in the battlefield then we must bring the battlefield to them.	さて、敵は ない場合、戦場で私たちを満たしてい その後、我々は彼らに戦場を持って来なければならない。
no. protocol died with the unit.	いや プロトコルは 死滅した
you should've said something...	言うべきだろう...
on the brink of extinction because it simply is not true	事実ではないからです
good. the sooner we have a viable treatment option, the sooner we get julia back.	いいね 治療法につながる
and now, this...	你知道至今為止我已經葬送了多少垃圾了嗎
well, it's, um, it's true.	確かに・・それはアリだな
i'm a man who keeps my word.	約束は守る
the body inside the car has been confirmed as archie bloom.	車の中の死体は アーチー・ブルームと 確認された
i began talking with people	私は現場に実際に赴き
so we moved into the rapid prototyping phase.	私たちは試行の段階に移りました
did you finish practice?	練習は終わったの?
it's not that i doubt you.	別にお前らを疑ってるわけじゃないじゃん
what are you saying?	いや 教えないで
this is coming from no one.	誰でもない
the japanese police will be disgraced like never before.	日本の警察は 前代未聞の赤っ恥をさらす
trinity's daughter just confessed to everything.	トリニティの娘だけど
what?	なんて意味だ
really to demonstrate the extent of this problem	この問題が世界的にどれだけの規模で
elam's faculty had no handy evidence base	ELAMの教授陣は あらかじめ用意された資料もなく
yeah, and when cybertron's here and we're all their slaves	うん、とサイバトロンはここにあるとき そして我々はすべての彼らの奴隷だ、
goddamn it, rodney.	ちくしょう ロドニー
he's in a bad way.	彼は思わしくない
i'm afraid to stay awake.	起きるのも怖い。
something like that.	それで何か変わった?
pointing to those ip addresses.	取り除くということです
what happened to your face?	顔どうしたの?
2011.	211号室だ
thinks i'm your accomplice...	私もあなたの仲間だって 思い込んでて...。
so you made some new friends.	新しい友達か?
((bitter melon is not bad!	♪♪~ ((ゴーヤは 悪くありません!
shokichi wasn't the only one who thought it wasn't enough just to scare the humans.	それがあるかのように見えるし始めていた 変換は十分ではありません。
i can do what i want.	は? なんでさ、突然
she made me want to get better, too.	彼女は 俺も立ち直ろうという気にさせてくれた
also going back to the bible.	バットマンやスーパーマンを創り出しました
and how much of that payday	スコフィールド達は、
well, i'm here today because we've run the numbers	今日ここに来たのは その試算をしたからです
i have no intention of arguing with you about this matter.	この件について 君と議論するつもりはない。
yes. he was the primary surgeon.	ええ。 責任者は深山先生です。
the pain i felt when i have to use the respiratory equipment.	自分が 呼吸器 つけてた 苦しさ 痛み。
when it doesn't have any armor frame, the core skeleton needs some protection, that's why it used temporary armor	仮の装甲で 保護してやる必要があるんだ。
thought you'd want to hear this.	ダンテ・スカリス殺害に使われた車の爆弾と
uparmor.	アーマー代わりだ
i wonder if junichi will be fine.	潤一 大丈夫かなぁ。
where not a single good thing has happened	ボーン!
go to hell!	クソ野郎が!
she has been a friend of mine, but i heard she has passed away.	友人なんですけど お亡くなりになられたと聞いて。
what the?!	なんだ 貴様!
who the world didn't think were interested.	疑問があふれ出てきました
guren! what are you doing?	僕は まだあなたには 信用されていないみたいですね。
alright, i will start the questioning then.	よし じゃあ こっちから 聞かせてもらおうかな。
is really connect with one other person.	他の人と深くつながることです
in light of the fact that it would be incredibly easy to put you back into a relief rotation	いい返事が貰えないなら あなたには 辞めてもらう
you don't fire unless you absolutely need to.	撃つ必要がなければ 発砲はしないで
stand and fight, damn you!	戦い続けろ 畜生
plus there's all these awesome weapons she could learn about	あとは武器の扱いが 出来れば文句なし
which is essentially her exhalation rate	これは彼女が
you garbage robot.	うるせえんだ このクズロボット。
bees will buzz kids will blow dandelion fuzz	♪ もしも 夏がいま来たら
stop my brother.	中途半端な英語発音 やめろよ。 イラッとすんだよ!
it was the last thing they had left in his size.	サイズがこれだけで
jung hoon's future bride?	ジョンフンの未来のお嫁さんかしら
oh no, even more are crumbling!	ガードだ! x4k! おう!
not going to washington?	ワシントンには 行かないんですか?
i refuse to give him one more second of air time.	あいつに一秒たりとも 放送時間をやりたくないの
what?	何がですか?
le chevalier may be the stuff of legend, but peter kent is listed in the phone book.	シュヴァリエは 伝説の人物かもしれないが ピーター・ケントの名前は 電話帳に載っている
i know.	痩せたな
oh my tea. yes.	あっ 俺の お茶。 はーい。
they didn't have any bad intentions.	全然 悪気はなかったんだ
brother!!!	兄さん 兄さん
i was thinking.	考えてたけど
what do you want?	させるか
and they require that a third of that food	3分の1の材料は地元の
suspicious, her husband followed her.	夫は女房を怪しんで ある晩 女房の後をつけた
white, okay.	白人ね
i couldn't sit there anymore.	これ以上 居られない
she's with me.	同行させる
trouble sleeping?	眠れないのか?
right? a lot of men hear the term women's issues	「女性の問題」と聞けば男は
no! please stop! don't do this please!	やめて こんな事やめて下さい!
we're not even sure peter's done yet.	心待ちな新しいケースよ ピーターからかは分からないけど
how can you know?	どうして分かる?
no, a mad demon.	違う マッドなデーモンだ
well, with that attitude we will! come on, man!	ああ、その態度じゃ死ぬかもな しっかりしろ
question is who hired them?	質問は誰が雇った?
bring them blue energy.	ブルー エネルギーを現地へ
as are nornheim and ria.	ノルンヘイムとリアのようです
nd your cla? icles.	鎖骨も
of how the movement system is going to use vision.	視覚を使うかを理解する必要があります
oh, i plan on it.	それが私の計画ね
isn't it the same when making friends?	だって友達にしてるのと同じ
in the 21st century	21世紀には
he just thought he needed new glasses.	新しい眼鏡が必要なだけだと彼は 思ってました
we did.	ええ どうも
we were the best of partners.	我々は 最高のパートナーでした。
i'll come with you. we can see your friend together.	私も一緒に 友達のところへ行く
we were not supposed to leave.	島を出るべきじゃなかった
you have to respect your ancestors.	あなたは祖先を敬いなさい
perhaps you've suspected it all along.	恐らく君は 初めから疑っていた
this was a part that i was literally born to play	私は この役のために生まれてきた と言っても過言ではないのに
you knew what you were doing and you chose to do it.	君は何をしているかを知り そうする事を選んだ
thanks, yuu...	お姉ちゃん 大丈夫? ありがとう 優
whereas we have five or six skin layers that protect us?	人の皮膚だって5~6層で身を守るのに
if i take half of what you own	私が半分奪えば その魅力も半減ね
something like a cold barley tea, i could drink that until i die now.	「なんか 冷たい麦茶でも 死ぬほど飲んでみてぇ」と
i'd like for you to go there as the chief of their cardiovascular surgery department.	そこの心臓外科部長として ぜひとも 君に行ってもらいたい
in a soft way in a very short amount of time.	飛ぶ宇宙船を非常に短時間で減速し 優しく停止させることが求められます
you want to fool around with me?	私とやりたい?
you can be sure i'll get it from you.	必ず 奪ってみせますよ
look, i know it sounds scary	恐ろしいわよね
do you have any proof?	《何か証明できるものが おありですか?》
there's a link. we finished up the background	つながったな。 新たな被害者
they appointed an officer	彼らは幹事を任命し
what are you?	あなたは何なの?
get off the fucking kit.	ママが去るわけだ 代われ
so richard ledgett is the 15th deputy director	さて リチャード・レジェットは NSA(米国国家安全保障局)の
are you okay?	大丈夫? 大丈夫?
no, you should stop. i'm getting you there!	ちょっと待って
stand down, creature, and you may still survive this.	お下がり クリチャー それで生き残れる
you mean towards the guys with guns?	銃撃するの?
it's legal to fire someone	ゲイ レズビアン バイセクシャル トランスジェンダーという理由で
what if this is it?	一体 どうしたんだろ
i have lots and lots of time.	時間だけは沢山あるからね
some profanity	使われているのも見受けられます
through a series of unfortunate events.	残念ながら新しい情報は
please tell the truth even now.	今からでも 本当の事を言ってください
they all fell off the grid. there's no financial activity, there's no utilities, no current address.	銀行のお金の動き 光熱費 記録が皆無
and yet, people who are 10 years older all say	10年後の人たちは 口を揃えて言うのです
come on, maisie, we should get washed up.	メイジー 手を洗いましょ
some french people are too proud too	フランス人には あまりに 誇りが高すぎる人がいますからね
being surrounded by a bunch of other young individuals	5区全部からの少年たちの集団に放り込まれます
what are they, like, magicians in hoods?	何か被った奇術師みたいな?
it's okay. i'm not gonna hurt you.	さあ、ここは安全だよ
we took it, set you free. it's ours. we spilled blood.	自由にしてやった ここは俺達の物だ
i've been close friends with takahirosan since before.	隆広さんとは 以前から 親しくさせてもらってまして...
you disappeared for 12 hours. we didn't know what happened!	12時間も報告なしで 姿を消してたから
sounds good.	いいだろう 別に
219, take the window here.	219はこの窓に
we lay out the building areas.	商業用の建物と多目的の建物を 統合するように
reload!	弾込め
i'm not gonna do your homework, like, for free so you can play xbox with my little brother.	あんたの宿題やんないわよ、タダなんかじゃ。 - えっ? - 弟とxボックスやってる何て気楽ね。
yeah, you can count on me.	おう 任せとけって フフフ...。
well, there isn't.	ありませんよ
pull me through	引っ張ってくれ
and i went to the doctor.	医者に行きました
so now we're back to square one.	また振り出しね
i did it all for you! for you!!	俺は お前のために...この~!
that isn't it!	可笑しいんじゃない
and [it] on the right	地球を示しています 右側に時間を表す目印があります
oh, merde.	"やられた!"
his greatgranddad started patera de sousa in 1812.	彼の曽祖父であるパテリア・デ・スーザ氏が1812年に始めたもので
as our technical capabilities improve.	20年後にどうなっているか想像できます
and technique.	手法でした
how many of you have iphones?	iphoneをお持ちの方は何人おられますか?
i pulverized the fucker with a hammer.	野郎をハンマーで 粉々にしてやった
jump up, make a sound, hey!	ジャンプして 叫ぼうよ
i don't think sandy wants the police involved...	サンディは喜ばない
where are you, buddy?	どこにいるんだ?
you won't get lucky again.	負けたくなきゃ
in the two years we've known each other i've rarely seen you uncomfortable.	この2年間ずっと お互いに不愉快だったわ
mum, mum!	あと20 秒よ デヴィッド
that if i had worked with you a little longer	もう少し 一緒に 仕事をしていただいたら
should you care?	気にする必要あるの?
hmm, well in that case...	どうなんでしょう そこまでは
you thinking of fucking me?	私とやりたい?
it rained last night before dawn.	夜明け前に 雨が降りました
bernie here produced our first and only record.	バーニーは最初のレコーディングを プロデュースしてくれた
anyway, if a kishin gets the black blood...	とにかく 鬼神に黒血が注がれたら...。
once again, it's shinkaisan. what's your answer?	またまた 新海さん。 答えは?
or paper. and the vast majority of this first computer	この最初のコンピューターの大多数は
haven't you heard something like that from your father?	そういう話 お父さんから聞いてません?
yeah. the clock is ticking.	時間がないわ
that's good! that's so good!	いい いいわよ!
what did you say?!	なんだと!? うおぉ~~っ!
everyone chooses a number from zero to 100	各人 0から100の中から数字を一つ選びます
i believe in real life.	現実生活では違います
that they would go without a fight.	彼らは戦いなしで行くだろうと。
flower scholar.	花...花草書生
come on, mister satan!	こ... ここへ 来てほしかったんですか?
all i got is a name julie davenport.	女の名は ジュリー・ダベンポート
what about it?	そうですか それが何か?
he bought that? i sold that.	協力してくれたか ?
right there.	そこ
the truth is, my weight has rebounded a little.	実は私 ちょっとだけ リバウンドしちゃいまして...。
aren't you the only one who's thinking like that?	そう思ってるの そちらだけなんじゃない?
it was from a burner phone.	使い捨て携帯から
you should've killed me when you had the chance.	俺を殺しとけば良かったな
we'll play again tomorrow.	続きは また明日ね バイバ~イ また明日
you're my family.	お前は私の家族だ
it was.	なんだ?役に立ったのか?
families hacked and stacked in churches.	教会で沢山の家族が大虐殺された
dog is a good dog.	あいつはいい犬だ
i'll pass the bar examination!	司法試験に一発合格するぞー!
i question the appropriateness of talking in front of the rooms.	部屋の前で 話しすんのは どうかと思います。
the master and i aren't enough?	私と先生の2人でも まだ足りないわけ?
we made them.	俺達で作ったんだ
how's it going over there?	但是今天却是格外特殊的
have some...	いくつか持っていってください...
a hand gesture, it means you're in sync.	社会学者はそれを 非対称な反応と呼んでる
even with saul in the way.	その通り
on military strength.	なにせ 木ノ葉も今や 未曾有の戦力不足だからね。
what are you doing?!	成功報酬は別に百万用意してある。
if you want to have him, it is still possible but it all depends on you.	あなた次第で これからも一緒に 暮らせる可能性は残ってます。
we need to restore confidence and trust amongst our people.	国民の信用と信頼を回復しなければ」 と答えました
they ignored us?	無視だと
los dejo aqui con mi primo.	あめりか人ガ 話シタイソウダ
only one more dish	あと1品やな。
you did?	何で黙ってたんだよ
and the column that we ended up with	多くの手間をかけて
circuits and electronics course	MITのハードな電子回路と電子工学の講義で
it reminds me of the mediterranean.	地中海を思い出すわ
because you are also a tribe.	皆さんも1つの部族だからです
mr. cali! you're getting one last walk in before lockdown?	カリさん、前回、新しくしたよね?
after the assassination fiasco, we can't afford not to.	暗殺騒ぎでは失態を やるしか無い
march 27, 1970.	1970年3月27日
and especially in the animal kingdom.	特に動物の王国における複合性を
of course she is. dan!	もちろんです
if they decide to do it, i'll go.	僕は 決定したら行きますよ
he picked me up like i was nothing.	彼は何もなかったように 私を持ち上げた
i can not move it like this without wearing it	まさかあれを着てる状態でここまで動けるなんて
which means i will never come to live with you, and... you're okay with that?	一緒に暮らせないと いうことだよー それでも?
i mean, he was thirsty.	のどが渇いただけ...
have you flushed your waste?	ただ時に流されていてはいかん
this printing machine	あの... この印刷機
killer put a bucket under him. took his time, too.	バケツを置いて 延々と食わせ続けた
it was never him.	決して彼自身ではない
get your ass back here!	戻りなさい!
which is about three times deeper	これは2万年前の
you made you!	君は 君自身を 変えた!
caesar! lilly, take him!	シーザー リリー 彼をお願い!
you think i don't know what you're up to?	まあね 俺達を誰だと思ってんだ
a hotline where people could leave voicemails of their pain	9.11に限らず 人々が痛みについて
and manufactured it exactly as told.	そのとおり 完成させただけですから
how could they have lived?	どうやって彼らは生きていられた?
you know wt he's doing here in this country?	こいつが、この国で何をしてるか知ってるか?
i looking at it, looking at it but cant remember	見た 見た。 見ましたけど 覚えてないっすよ...。
of course, i'm going.	行くに決まってんだろ。
what are you talking about?	馬鹿げてるだと!
hey, olivia.	オリビア
if what sabine says is true, when she sacrifices herself, all of her power will flow back into the earth.	サビーネの話しが本当なら 彼女が身を 犠牲にするとき 彼女の全ての力は
let's go, christabel!	行こう クリスタベル
hi, honey.	元気そうだ
with this job, you can pay off all your debt...	借金完済も出来る
sorry i couldn't be at the crime scene.	事件現場にいられなくて すみません
if you don't mind, i think i should urinate before we leave.	発つ前に おしっこを
ah, kid.	ああ
and i thought about my dad	私は父のことを思い出し
i don't think it's german. i don't see any guns.	ドイツ軍じゃないな 銃が見えない
kkinchansama, please continue.	キ キンちゃん様 続きをどうぞ
who the hell else would i be?	じゃあ 私は誰よ?
what has?	なんだ
we're getting our band back together. whee!	「みんなの」バンドを再結成しようぜ
because spanish doesn't have that sh	スペイン語には [シ] の音がないからです
you may note that you are not included in the invitation.	わかってるだろ 私が誘ってるのは 君じゃない ジョン どうかな
but it starts a conversation.	話の種にはなりますからね
just think it over.	よく考えて下さい
oh yeah, that's right!	そうだね
hey, get the fuck down!	その荷物を置くんだ!
i want you to take out your list of red john suspects	[レッド・ジョンの容疑者リストを取り出して]
aah, but i guess i work better at night.	(孝則)ああけど仕事は 夜やるほうがいいんだよな
i just wanted to hurt you as much as i thought you had hurt me.	あなたが したように 苦しめたかった
i've really missed you.	ずっと会いたかった
the baby... is not human.	あの赤ん坊は人間ではない
whose fault was that?	誰のせい?
they call for you.	彼らはあなたのために呼び出します。
just don't let him die. just...	ただ彼を死なせないで欲しい...
it is a qualityoflife transplant	人生の質を向上させるための 移植なのです
the world cup is played every four years.	ワールドカップは 4年に1度開かれます
you can live to be 100.	100歳まで生きられるか」です
what you looking for then?	いったいなにを探している?
under the... futon.	布団の 下
so what we're talking about here is human rights.	僕たちがここで話していることは人権だ
and what do you call this hair tie in japanese?	この髪留めも日本語で何て言うの
you must be magic. there is no end to our good luck since we met you.	お前と会ってから 幸運が続いている
but we seem to have lost him, somehow, to all of it.	何か息子を失ったような 気がしたわ
do...	急がないでいい
no, i need to be at the exchange.	だめだ、捕虜交換に立ち会う
hang on a minute. did you see anybody in the alley?	ちょっと待って 路地で誰か 見なかった?
they're the symbol for a very dangerous competition.	彼らの非常に 危険な競争のシンボルです
this...	これが・・・
next is volume 42.	あと42巻だ
i tried to soften the bad taste you get from that ending...	バットエンドの後味の悪さを緩和してみたのだけど
motor racing is a funny old business.	カーレースの世界は面白いものです
me, too, but i went to cram school on the weekends.	私もですn土日は塾行ってましたし。
hey, ichijoukun.	ねぇ一条君
i mean, the last person we'd suspect to be the man in yellow is someone who lost the use of their legs.	誰も足の悪い者が 黄色い男だと考えない
so what about circuit breakers?	では、ブレーカーはどうでしょう
it transforms our perception	認識を変え
i do feel bad about this.	愛想が悪くて悪かったな
0 students.	よーし!
my wife said that housewives needs a weekend too	カミさんが 主婦でも休日は必要だって
well, we can make these meals to go and your weapons will be waiting outside but you should take time to relax.	その食事と一緒に外で渡してやる だから落ち着け
ooh, bad idea.	おぉ失敗だわ
you want to eat it too.	食べ物に何の罪がある? 君も食べたいだろ
how can you even say it?	どうして そうなる?
not for your clientele, clearly.	お客さんにとっては違ったけどね
it's 80 to 90% better than here.	腹は減らぬし 体は軽いし 十中八九 ここよりも よい所だ。
how much do you know?	テメエの言う余計なもんが どれだけの力を持ってるか➡
and they dressed us hurriedly.	早朝に突然起こして 着替えさせました
it feels really dangerous...	すごく危険な感じがするんだけど。
maybe your uncle did it to eliminate that worry	兄上様は そんな憂いを
i'm sorry carlos .. no.	ごめん カーロス 行けない
for them.	あの人たちにも
the problem is, i really love paul.	問題は 私が本当にポールを愛してることなの
what the heck is that? a fog...?	ヘッ そうこなくっちゃ!
you know, i want one of those tshirts that says my friend was a castaway, and all i got was this crappy shirt.	俺も1つ欲しい Tシャツと言っただろう 俺が貰ったのは 安っぽいTシャツだ"
this appears in my puzzle calendar.	私のパズルのカレンダーにもあります
then transmits the image to the computer.	画像をコンピュータに送信します
one of the objectives of the one laptop per child	「1人に1台ノートpc」の 目的の1つは
don't do that.	止せよ
right as secondclass subject rather than extinction.	滅亡ではなく 二等臣民としての権利を。
it must be surrendered immediately.	それはすぐに降伏しなければなりません。
i didn't hear that.	全部聞いた?
working hard for suffering families	苦しんでる家族のために
all this time, running from walkers you forget what people do, have always done.	ウォーカーから 逃げてる間は― 人の怖さを忘れてた あなたのおかげで
and it's a very simple operation it's making a fold	とても単純な動作です 一回折って
no way...	所以你要小心点
but right now, quinn doesn't matter ... only skye does, and i need you to pilot the plane.	その通りだが 今 重要なのは クウィン じゃない スカイの為に飛行機を飛ばしてもらいたい
here's what you can trust. if you don't meet me with the money	そこは君を信頼してるが
i have plenty of time, after all.	私には時間もたっぷりあるわけだし
that we'll save 600 million dollars in energy bills	電気代が毎年6億ドルもセーブされます
for a long time all ready...after the affair	寝室を別にしているような 有様でして。
i'm not yelling at anyone.	誰も叫んでない。
but... you see, i already... just promise me one thing.	でもね あの 私 もう...。 -ただし 約束しろ。
it's...	すげえ テンションだな
you covered up the russians' involvement.	あなたはロシアの関与をもみ消した
it needs to be a man that is not interested in yuna.	ユナに 目もくれないような 男であること。
well? what is the enemy doing?	≪ ガオーッ! ひ~っ!
and you need to grow up, and you need to face the facts	あなたには成長が必要なの 事実に直面することも,
have you decided of your own accord?!	勝手に 決めんなっつったじゃん。
i didn't mean to.	そんなつもりは
one of them was injured when he was struck on the head with the shotgun.	内1名が散弾銃で頭部を殴られ 負傷しています。
go! shooting star dragon!	最後の攻撃 いけ シューティング・スター・ドラゴン。
i'd love to go.	私は行くのが大好きです。
and i can change my cut	切り方を変えることで
who is she?!	武天老師って 誰だよ!?
deep down in your core.	表現するということです
and then robert stirling came along with this genius idea	スターリングはさらに 天才的なアイデアを出しました
but the main frame has finally been completed.	まぁな だが ようやくメインフレームが完成した。
thanks for the hospitality.	もてなしに感謝する
mr. satoshi okuda.	奥田聡史さん
e flat, fellows!	E flat, fellas!
the argument against nuclear power is an emotional one.	原子力の議論は 感情的なものだ
of this, your subjective world.	皆さんの主観的な世界を 作り出しているんです
all right, that's enough.	よーし これでいい
i want to volunteer to be one of the lookouts in the clock tower.	私も監視塔に立たせて
let's go, then.	もう 放っといて
others can't be saved, 'cause others are just plain evil.	他を救えなかったのは 悪に染まりきってたからだ
yep... just finished.	ちょうど終わったよ
so let's imagine then that you're a roaring success	恋愛が 絶好調で 進んでいるとしましょう
why you agreed to come out here.	どうして素直に ここへ来たの
he's dead.	亡くなりました
i'm truly sorry! i'll also pay for the cleaning!	《≪本当に ごめんなさいnクリーニング代 払いますから》
start now, make a change gonna come around	今すぐに 変れるよ 意見を変えよう
we may be able to get out of here!	ここから出られるかもしれねぇ
we gotta go. but that's what he wants. he's forcing us to leave.	だがそれでは奴の思う壺だ
this is what i like about him.	るりちゃん 私が好きなのはね こういう所だよ
biotechnology and pharmacology into an information technology	生物工学や薬学を情報技術へと変え
who am i?	わたしは誰だ?
no closer.	そこまでに
i'm curious whether... it's difficult for you to see amazing amy heading down the aisle.	彼女に先を越されて プレッシャーでは?
maybe like once or twice.	1、2度はあるけど...
tore at him, tore him apart.	かぶりつき 真っ二つに
i'm sorry	すいません すいません すいません
speaking of which	まぁ ひとまず
see?!	そうみたいね。
and isn't the most comfortable process.	あまり快適なものでもありません
excuse me?	もう一度?
it's the same reason you thought you saw walter in the hospital.	病院で ウォルターを見て 考えたのと 同じ理由...
have a nice flight.	お空を楽しめ!
at last, the big day came i made my claim	いよいよ出産の日が来た
keep your head down.	立つんじゃないぞ。
it was nearly the same time that a shoot to television and shigemura suddenly disappeared during the program appearance	テレビへの銃撃と茂村君が番組出演中に突如消滅したのがほぼ同時刻だった
with our lives, i think we can go back to	ディオゲネスや孔子を 見習うことではないでしょうか
you have five minutes. some of us actually have to show up for work.	すっかり 運んだね
yeah, we gave it to a drug dealing monkey.	指はヤク運びのサルにくれてやった
be they momentous occasions	それが重大な出来事であれ、
i've fracked over 3,000 wells in my life.	これまで3千カ所以上で施工してきました
48 years old, unmarried.	48才 未婚
it's practice, it's training, and it's (sobs)	マジックは練習であり トレーニングであって-
i wanted to be strong like them	僕も二人のように強く
this time, ill protect you.	今度は僕が守る
this key chain, you bought it at the souvenirs shop near the temple.	このキーホルダー あなた お寺の近くの土産物店で買った。
ow ow aww	イテテテ...。
come on, let's go, let's go!	ぽってー 行くよー
good. but, if i find out he's been playing you, doctor.	結構 だがもし 奴が君を騙していたとなれば━
which includes usability, understanding	これにはユーザビリティや理解が含まれますが
um, then there's, uh, sammy runyon.	あぁ それから サミー・ラニヨンにも
only about one in every four million kids has this disease	約400万人に1人の子供がこの病気にかかりますが
in the original case files, my father circled the feet of all the victims, like they had something in common.	オリジナルの事件で 父は 犠牲者の足に拘って 共通点を探していた
until he tells you what you want to hear.	こんな話が 聞きたかったんだろ?
i mean, how else do you teach 150,000 students?	15万人の生徒に教える方法が 他にありますか?
that's what it seemed.	ウンサンのようですが 乗せましょうか?
you're going to be the next hokage, kakashi sensei?	カカシ先生が 次の火影になるんですか?
you sure about this?	本当にいいの?
just like you, chiakisama!	ああっ。 なるほど! さすが 千明さま。➡
youll also find a good husband soon.	ちょっと あんたも 早く いい人見つけなよ。
yes, magister, is true.	はい 事実です
you're telling me the cops don't have this?	警察は持ってないのか?
thank you!	ありがとうございます...
he climbed an electrical tower the night of the accelerator explosion.	爆発の夜に鉄塔に登った男か
secure all corners in cell block c.	独房棟"C"で 四隅を守れ
it's the first time i've drank this much.	私 こんなに飲んだの 初めてですよ
if i call and someone is beside yukiho, then she will have to lie.	〈横に誰かがいれば 雪穂はささいでも〉
yeah, sure. here's what we can do.	あぁ、選択肢は1つだ 今日、君が300ドル払って―
these zombies of yours are pretty tame.	ゾンビを飼い慣らしているな
detective, the barfly just left the building through the back exit.	刑事、バーの常連だ 後ろの出口を通って 建物を出ました
oz, knock it off.	オズ やめて
the expansion of space.	膨張の速度を衰えさせているはずです
i am hurrying!	じゃなくて... 私 この度 神様になってるんですけど
it's not just making about	自己組織化で携帯電話や
the issue has been settled! would be what they say.	「これにて 一件落着!」 みたいなことだよね?
only spectacular events	派手なだけの出来事や
it's because i love her that i want to let her do what she wants!	好きだからこそ今ちーちゃんの望むようにしてやりたいんだ
okay, so then you know that we need it to make cell cultures grow, right?	細胞培養に使うの 知っている?
and lo and behold, people started uploading their videos.	するとみんながビデオをアップロードしはじめたのです
well ... my father's bruises ... where did they come from ?	あの... 父の体の あざ あれは何なんですか?
you have to live!	恥をさらしてでも生きるべきよ
world permissible yes nave severe thing	世上可没有这种耍酷的事
a couple of years later, i meet them.	2年後 彼らに会いました
and count out loud with him so he does it right.	彼に向かって数を数えて
julia wants to talk to you.	ユリアが話したがってる
no i have not seen it really? yeah true.	いいえ 見て無いわ - 本当に? - ええ 本当よ
no. nothing like that.	ないよ 何にも無い
get out now!	今すぐ 出てけ!
i'll be waiting for you there.	夏目様 お待ちを お願いしたいことがあるのです!
i usually forget things, but i remembered it!	覚えてるんだわ 忘れっぽいのに、今回は覚えてる
we don't really like to only consume.	消費だけしていたいと思ってはいなかったのです
oh. of course. good question.	それはいい質問ですね
will you also participate if you can?	よろしければ 署長も ご一緒に参加されますか?
brave, i am not as sweet as the maroou gariath.	勇者よ 私は 魔王ガリアスほど甘くないぞ。
i was sure it was gonna be filled with body parts but there was just some church crap and an old freezer.	解体した 死体を置場だろ 他はガラクタと 古い冷凍庫
say, what is this?	何だよ! 仙人のごちそうって これかよ!
thank you!	わぁ 鞍馬ありがとう
whoa, whoa! what are you doing? we have to make a toast first!	(関口) おいおいおい 何やってんだよ 乾杯だよ
cabaret is a time of gold!	キャバクラは金策だ~
where you are is of very little interest, my dear.	あなたがいる所には 殆ど興味がない まあ
we can forget about studying to play tennis in the afternoon and go swim in the river!	勉強は忘れ 昼はテニスに川遊び
you told me it looked good.	似合ってるって言ったろ
i will.	ええ 任せて
i know you beat up burtie.	バーティを殴ったな
please go back to the first terminal hit the enter key.	最初の端末に戻って エンターキーを押すんだ。
well, just keep talking about that little hall of light touching your heart and she'll come round.	まあ、胸に入ってきた 光の玉のことを話してれば... そのうち気が変わるよ。
well, it looks like a sword.	剣に見えるけど
is like a dad.	父親みたいなもんだ。
if you're irritated, how about smacking this blacklisted company thoroughly?	イライラしているのなら ここはひとつ ブラック企業をガツンとやっつけて➡
since when have the cia and fbi been such good friends?	いつからciaとfbiが 仲良くなったんだ?
eh. hehe...	ええ。 ヘヘ...。
the story has yet to end.	まだ物語が終わったわけじゃない
this is my only special move, demonic commandeer.	僕の唯一の必殺技 デモニック・コマンディアは
one.	ワン
because i was afraid.	怖くて聞けないって。
this man has betrayed her, made her fall in love with him.	この男は騙して惚れさせた
chief! an outside call for you.	課長 外線にお電話です。
ouch ! ryuji, are you okay ?	いてっ! 隆司 大丈夫か?
i'll stop writing my delusions diary	妄想日記は 封印しますが
[ groans ] mother...	お母さん
it's me. please, four, look at me. look at me.	お願い、フォー 私を見て 私を見て
and, uh, did your husband's faith... falter after he was told about the cancer?	彼はガン宣告の後 信仰は揺らいだ?
are you afraid to become an accomplice in hiding the fact?	実は植物状態だ という事実を隠した共犯になるのが怖いか?
i look like a putz. you look sharp. look at all them buttons	この間抜けな格好 ―しゅんとしてるぞ
and they climbed onto that ball far less often	するとボールが熱い時と比べて
who's the spy?	それで スパイは 誰だと言うんだね。
through a process of refinement	手直しやトライアルアンドエラー
and in these books i discovered the idea of task shifting	これらの本の中で 私は世界の医療においての
i'm trying to keep you safe.	安全のためです
what's this sheet for?	何 このシーツ
wearing tuna tags, lightbased tags	マグロタグである 発光式のタグを付けることで
is it lucky for you?	あなたのラッキーNoですか?
her sons, one of whom had asthma	家族のうちぜんそく持ちだった
i mean, anyone who has been to russia would know	まあ ロシアに行ったことのある方は おわかりでしょうが
the next time, i will get back to you.	また今度 お願いします
i will.	頑張ります
i was at the university of chicago, in my third year	私はシカゴ大学の3年生でした
and you can still survive while you're traveling from one place to another.	惑星から惑星に移動する間も生きられます
he found out right before he came back to mi6.	彼がmi6に戻る直前に知ったと思うわ
okay, i got him.	いいぞ
look, hayden, i love you.	聞いて ヘイデン あなたを愛してる
maybe we should just get pizza.	ピザでもとれば -ダメよ
within their organization.	上位機構
a revolution!	是的 那群人说什么要革命
we will avenge our mother russia.	我々は母なるロシアの 仇を討ちます
seriously, who the hell are you?	マジで 一体誰なんだ?
security, this is olivia taylor.	警備係 オリヴィア・テイラーよ
do i even make the top ten?	私もトップ10を作ろうか?
mustang, huh...?	マスタングか...
that's why i dropped out. you were bullied?	だから やめた いじめか?
i was recommending sanaes bread to a customer, but he said its so gross that its inedible.	早苗のパンをお客に勧めてたんだが、 気持ち悪くて食えないっていうんだよ
the man who calls himself rodrigo took something from me.	ロドリゴは 俺から金を奪った
for as long as is reasonably possible.	引き渡すように見せかけるんだ
it's healing well...	ありえんじゃろ。
ok. if that changes...	分かってるけど
but if one of them can find a way to live with one of us	だが一部の者は 共存の道を選択する
what if they don't?	もし嫌だと言ったら?
did you think that it would be okay to be me?	僕だから当たってもいいと 思ったんですか?
and everyone should open a beehive	皆さんに巣箱を持ってもらいたいです
captain...	へっ!? 貴様もだ 隊長格。
my office should've been renovated a year ago.	このオフィスは一年前改装されるはずでした
you have blood on your hands.	あなたの手は血まみれね
hey, dale, can you see what that is?	おいデール, なんだと思う?
but... someday... a second and third me... will...	「だが... 第2 第3の僕が... いずれ...」
i'm really hoping that we can meet before you leave town so i can explain the confusion earlier today.	あなたが町を出る前に お会いしたいんです 今日の混乱を説明できます
but that's a personal matter.	でも それは一身上の都合です
in light of today's severe summer heat, officials suspect that the lunches were improperly stored	(アナウンサー) 今日の日中の最高気温は 33度を超える真夏日で 弁当の保存状態が悪かったせいでは ないかとみられています
isn't that what he deserves?	それが彼に望まれる事では?
goldman, leyman brothers, merrill.	ゴールドマン リーマン・ブラザーズ、メリル・・・
what amazing speed!	すごい速さだ。 えっ?
are there no parts in nature?	自然には部品は存在し無いのでしょうか?
it was simply theft!	たの
i apologize for the incident.	はい。 この間の件 悪かったね。➡
arietta! are you going to betray me?	アリエッタめ 裏切るつもりか
better get maaco!	今度はマコー買えよ!
in my own bed, at the age of 80 with a bellyful of wine and a girl's mouth around my cock.	自分のベッドの上で 80歳のときに 腹一杯のワインと 私のアレに少女の口があるときに
nothing.	成果なし。
you did it! go for it. i'll definitely go root for you.	やったな お前! 頑張れよ 絶対 応援 行くからな。
we were so young then	僕達が若かった頃
commander, you should come inside. you're going to wanna see this.	船長 中に戻って これを見てください
and he said there was a man at the river and...	彼が言うには 川のそばには男が居て・・
it's a neurotoxin.	神経毒だ
any evidence that was left was washed away with last night's rain.	全て雨で流されちまった
graciella's with megan. she's fine. oh.	グラシエラは メーガンと一緒よ あの子は 大丈夫 こんなことが起こるなんて 信じられない
and believed to have intersected and twisted at the throat.	喉の前で よじって 交差していたと考えられる。
what the hell is happening?	どうなったんだ?
is that true?	桂さん 無視ですけど。
your doctor said you need to walk an hour a day.	まだ14分よ 医者に1日1時間歩けって言われたでしょ
because it is annoying! what is this !	うっとうしいからって! なによ この~!
some things can't be delegated. hmm.	他人に任せたく無かったのよ
so why am i so worrisome now?	"どうして 今は 焦っちゃってるんだろ。"
get out of there!	そこから逃げろ!
that's because it was free!	この想い輝くから
it was an accident. lee?	ザックは基礎飛行ができてなかった
what is your name?	先生は平気なのか
i'm very sorry, gaston, but but...	とても無理よ
'til one day i saw this little girl.	ある日 その少女に会いました
did you kidnap me?	誘拐したのか?
here is the beaver. and here is the stream	これはビーバーです そしてこれが小川
now that the target's lowered the trigger number, the bomb could blow up before midnight.	そうターゲットは 夜中までに爆発させる
now you would probably imagine, as she did	彼女がそうしたように、あなたも
you killed me.	ぶっ殺された
walder frey.	ウォルダー・フレイ
no, sir. turns out she charged some guy a lotta money and didn't put out.	男から金を取って やらせなかったらしい
then i'll never have one.	じゃあ赤ちゃんなんかほしくない
and tatsumi are...	巽のことを...。
with the modern communications	この近代的な手法で
chip. chip in the chair. you on the floor.	チップ 椅子に お前は床
and we got it all wrong.	すべて間違っていました
i use the jutte at my waist as punishment...	《小銭形:そんなヤツらには オレの腰の十手がうなる》
don't leave me alone with this lunatic.	この変態と一人にさせないで!
so are the rug and the paintings.	でも ベッドの装飾は エアオブジェクト。 じゅうたんも絵もね。
no way...	まさか... キリハが...。
answers of historical figures' names written in hiragana.	平仮名で解答しても正解と しています。
of what other people, usually men, will think of you.	どう思われたいかで服は選ぶもの」とか
yeah, that's particularly gorgeous it's the tv dinner of 2001.	2001年のTVディナーが見えますね その作品は特に素敵です
what other people's pain feels like?	てめえにも 人の痛み 分からしてやろうか?
an impressive if misguided effort.	ミスリードしなけりゃ 立派だったが
dr. edison is going to have a very difficult time reassembling the remains.	エジソン博士は 遺骨を再構築するのが 大変でしょうね
there are approximately 250 aircraft in the sky.	現在 飛行中の航空機は約250機です
there is no need for two.	2人は いらぬ。
we realized we could do something about it.	自分たちには何か できることがあるんだと知りました
you got me back good	うまいこと返された
yeah, everything's messed up around here apparently.	何もかも混乱状態だ
come on! come on! oh, god.	しっかりして 何て事
i mean, just to tell me what i already know?	どうせ結果は同じだぞ
she is still nowhere to be found.	彼女は ずっと 姿を消したままなのよ。
any sign of them?	様子は?
and we can't take care of all the troubles 24 hours a day.	24時間 付きっきりで 面倒 見る事も できない。
and then all of a sudden a lightbulb goes off and he says	すると医者が突然ひらめいたように
oh, i got that coconut water you wanted.	望んでたココナッツ水を 手に入れたわ
so how this actually works	これが実際 どう機能するかというと
these headless bodies can live for about a day	頭がない状態でもおよそ1日は生きることができます。
are you high?	飛び降りるぞ - ラリってる?
what i am doing now	これ 任意の事情聴取って事で よろしゅうござんすよね?
because they're watching you.	ずっと監視されていた
conan, you have some too!	コナン君 あれ!
well, i've never heard of her nor her russian parents.	彼女のロシアの両親の事は 聞いたことがないわ
who is it?	着物はどうした 誰かに取られたのか
i can't see anything in there. let me have it	よう見えへん。 貸して。
flight distance for the warheads' electronic timer fuse...	弾頭の電子時限信管が作動する飛距離は 50メートルという所か
both counsels	≪両代理人とも
i had to pee. who were you talking to?	おしっこ 誰と話してたのよ?
and i think you're going to be able to see, use that infusion	これらが与えられることで、
what about colombia?	コロンビアはどう?
and your girl on fire is burnt out.	彼女は疲れ切っています
are we done with the hugging and learning?	抱擁と お勉強は 終わった?
taking a break, maousan?	今のうちに休憩に入りな
it wouldn't have stopped a breakin.	侵入を止められなかったかもしれない
look, i understand. you're a little rusty, but you're not seeing the upside here.	確かに感覚は 少し鈍ってるだろう
henry never was a poet.	ヘンリーは詩人じゃない
you punched a reporter.	レポーターを殴ったのね
don't touch me!	私に触るな!
if he does it'll be too late!	起こってからじゃ遅いわよ!
is that true?	本当かどうか 怪しいもんだぜ...。
what was the name your brother had tattooed on his arm? oh, my god!	ベンの腕の入れ墨は 何という名前?
so there was no job, no food.	なので、仕事もなく、食べ物もありません。
now today we treat high blood pressure mostly with pills.	高血圧の治療には現在錠剤が用いられています
that's right.	もう いいか~い! もう いい~よ
oh, no, i get it now.	いや、今それを手に入れる
her personality is just the finishing touch to her beautiful face.	性格込みで あの顔が 出来上がってるわけですし。
earth? why go to such a place?	そんなやつに 修行などしてやるもんか。
i want to give you a hug.	などというようなことを言えたはずですが、
we now understand that the entities that attacked us are made of energy.	我々を攻撃したのは エネルギー体です
she'll he along.	さあね。 どこかに行ってるんだろう。
it had to be done.	あれで良かったんだ
that thing was... building or something.	さっきのは何だ ビルのような...
be a good girl for me, will you?	おい あれ巨人だよ
now my career may last a little longer!	これなら仕事として 少し長く続きそうです
what?	一体...何が...
he was immolated.	焼消されていました
is that, let's put aside the morality of all the right and wrong of it all	道徳的な善悪の判断をいったん脇に置き
i was invisible.	見えなかっただけ
you were not advanced to ranger...	昇格には不合格だった...
people like her.	そのままの彼女
what if he doesn't? he will.	戻らなかったら?
i created a video which was based	ビデオを作りました
that's what it's about. it's this expansion of room to make differences.	そういうことなのです 違いを作る余地を広げるということなのです
i noticed the smell of summer.	是执行委员故意这么做的吧
fierce fight at the ghost ship!	幽霊船であった。
we're waiting for your father, aren't we?	お父さん 待つに 決まってんでしょう。
why, if it isn't the shogun.	だが どうしてかな...。
but first we ought to be capturing bigger, cheaper savings	しかしまず 私達はこれまで 無視され 教科書にもなかった
why did you not call for saber?	なぜセイバーを呼ばなかった
what to do...	何? 何する気ですか?
my apologies.	お母さんお詫びに何かプレゼントしたいなぁ
only white is useless but shut up!	白だけは ダメアルけどな。 黙れ~!!
under the juvenile act, you can kill people and still be protected.	貴様らは自分たちが少年法で守られて 好き勝手に人を殺すことができる
this is a computer telling us	ここではコンピュータが
crime scene processed the scene.	現場検証では
what did you say?	何と言われたのじゃ?
but eventually they did come around.	最終的にはそれが行われ始めました
when school went into summer break...	学校が夏休みを迎えると
you're no betty grable.	ベティ・グレーブルではないわ
without questioning my right to do so	自分にそんな権利があるかなんて考えもせず
no, i didn't. it was all their idea.	この子たちのアイディアよ
but were able to light that	電球に明かりを点けることに成功し
you two have a very simple task.	こんな簡単なことも出来ないのか
i thought that the black biker was the slasher.	私は 黒バイクさんが斬り裂き魔だと思ってました
like this odd country road.	この変な田舎道のよう
please let me do it.	予算がかかり過ぎるな。 やらせてください。
if it were me	はっきりと自覚していたのか...》
come on, go answer it.	ほら、出てよ
i can't, i'm sorry.	待て 待て 待て ジェス 君が望むものは何でも
to figure out this flying machine.	飛行機械を開発していました
what?	お気の毒に
all right. you got her? yeah.	よかった
excuse me, kim. the owner's in the house.	ちょっと失礼
this man is brilliant.	この男は 極めて優秀だよ
down for the fivefooter	身長の低いかた 高いかた
i want you to say...	私に言って...
flashing.	フラッシュ
try it some time.	言うんだ
and you're strong and decent and honest.	そして まともでまじめ
i have a real feeling about this, sir.	本件、自信があります
katsura's fingers... so pretty	桂の指 綺麗
i don't get him...	ワケ分かんない
yes, me, too! bye then!	那你要拿它们干什么呢
i mean, who would design an experiment like that?	一体誰が こんな実験方法を 考えるんですか?
no common language or anything	共通の言語もないのに です
and before broadcasting this video, we want to warn our viewers that these are extremely graphic images.	この映像は生々しいので 視聴にご注意を
would you like a brochure?	案内書、いかがですか?
think of all the problems that we're facing at the moment.	今 直面している問題全てについて 考えてみましょう
you have the product?	ぶつはあるのか?
no, dan!	ダン!
oh, that's all right, captain.	気をつけろ! わかった。
in the heat of battle.	期待したように機能しませんでした
what? the fog lifted... could it be flowing outside?	まさか 外に流れてるのか。
easy there, kansai girl.	焦んな 関西女
a bit left.	もうちょっと 左。
german authorities have refused us access.	ドイツ当局は面会を拒絶している
that it's possible that the universe doesn't need carbon to be alive;	炭素は生命に必須ではなく なんでも使うことが出来る
ordered you room service.	ルームサービスを頼んだ
they aren't good enough opponents against we who are trained beyond trained.	鍛錬に鍛錬を重ねた 我らの相手ではござらぬわ!
who shall i make it out to?	誰宛に?
giviog us four more days.	後四日で成功しないと。
i'm.. uh.. sorry! um..	自分 あの... すいませんっす!
how did he get it?	どう手に入れた?
hikoichi, watch fujima's actions closely.	けっしょう
nice night.	いい夜だ おやすみ
that's committed to work through partners	取引先を通じて 2015年までに
but yet, we should do our best to protect our city.	それでも、我々の町を守る為に 最善を尽くすべきです
in my eyes you're the one who not qualified to be in the music industry.	私から言わせてもらえば 貴方に音楽業界にいる 資格なんてないわよ
just think of blue skies and cornfields.	青空と畑を思い浮かべて
and stayed vague about the preparations.	いろいろ うやむやに しとこうって事か。
but you know that i can't.	でも話せない
corruption	汚職
i'm sorry. he's broken.	ごめん 壊れた
if we accept the theory of evolution, then	「進化論を受け入れれば
hey, satoru!	おい サトル!
since then, he started demanding more and more	お!俺らの番だ! いよいよですね!
is it's victorian design merged with a little bit of modern propulsion.	少しだけ近代的になったものですから
why should i tell you?	なんであんたなんかに話さなきゃなんないわけ
there was a place called otogibana city.	あるところに御伽花市という町があり
therefore, if we can find the right cells	適切な細胞を見つけ
i do not want anyone to see it.	大丈夫ですよ 誰も見たくないですから
i'm not anymore?	僕は居ないの?
danger around every corner.	どの曲がり角も 危険だわ
i... i guess...	まッ... まあ
if this is a lie,..	嘘だったら こいつも仲間も皆殺しだ。
oneitis can be translated as an infection from one.	“One-itis”だと「一人に執着し 報われない片思い病」と言うわけです
i would go.	私は行きます
and then, they would dance.	共に踊ったものでした
i hope i didn't get you stranded or anything.	聞いてよ、君を家まで乗せて行け ないかと思って...
look for him... isn't that hard? at first glance.	いくら お化粧したからって ブスが変わるわけじゃないですし
you're not gonna believe what else we found.	信じられないが 他にも...
mr. holmes?	ホームズさん?
i mean, you know, uh, skirt suit, heels.	スカートや スーツにハイヒールだ
now go. okay.	いいですか?
find her...go!	彼女を見つける 行って
getting caught wasn't part of the agreement.	捕まるのは計画していなかった
and the magnitude of the problem that we face.	手の打ちようがないような感覚になります
no, nica, you did this to me.	ニカ それは俺のセリフだ
no. what are you doing?	何をした?
who realized that 67 percent of their students	学生の67%が毎日の食事を
get out of here. are you coming?	一緒に?
the duct tape is gone	ガムテープも使っていません
which, i'll remind you, you didn't act on.	もう一度言うよ 君は何も悪いことはしていない
wait. gae!	待てよ!
hi, neal.	ニール
i feel like i'm letting everybody down.	みんなを失望させたような気がする
there's a man who really knows how to live.	悟りきってるわ
attack the enemy monster!	ネオ・タキオン ダイレクトアタック!
your mate here... he was mummified.	ここにある こいつは ミイラ化してる
gradually, thinking about it became more of a burden.	だんだん そう考えてる方が 重荷になってきましてね
hahaha, dr. sagara, more pretty words.	ハハハハハ... 相良先生 また きれい事を。
ah, here we go with this again.	あーまたかよ
ideas aren't his strong suit.	彼は単純ですから
so we have to store it when we can.	蓄えられる時に 蓄えとかなきゃならねえ
leon tao.	レオン・タオだ
some of them we're already beginning to use	そのいくつかは既に
haruka, prepare a bath for me	遥 風呂いれてくれ。
it's just a guess.	推測だ
and will be...	「フェスに」。 「出ることになりました」。
this team wants that championship.	優勝を狙っています
ah, you know, force of habit.	習慣の力さ
you look outside: you have all that beauty that you see	外には美しい景色が広がってますし
you get to let go.	全てを忘れて
oh, listen, next time you speak to her, could you, uh, put a good word in for me?	今度 女神と話す時は... . 僕の事を よろしく と
chicken eggs worked really well.	鶏卵が大変適していたのでした
you just need to stay kaname madoka, just like you have so far.	貴女は 鹿目まどかのままでいればいい
it will only end if we complete our work.	ただの終りだ 使命を果たさなければ
in all political, economical and social activities.	社会活動において 女性の参画が完全に否定されます
i have to go.	ぼくは 行かなくちゃ
wait a second.	待った
such a discovery has made me more tolerant	こうしたことに 気付いたことで
actually, i once paid like 60 dollars	私は素晴らしい役者が演じる
the body is then transported inside of the body bag	袋に包まれた遺体が
clear.	異常なし。
can you shade some sunlight and effectively compensate for the added co2	太陽光線の入射を遮り 増加分のCO2を効果的に相殺し
it was unanimous. yeah	満場一致だった - そう
hiding one's money in the ground is the same as hiding it in the closet.	自分の金を タンスに隠すのと 地面の中に隠すのと 同じ事だろ。
ryan harding, agent troy riley, bau2.	ライアン・ハーディ トロイ・ライリー捜査官だ BAU2
just ate, that's the only thing holding me back.	もう冒険は十分さ。 ゆっくりしない?
well, that's nix for you.	まあニックスはそんな奴だ
what is this? i can hear something...	聞こえてるかい この声が
if i can't avoid the catastrophe to come	未来の破局が避けられないなら
what's that even mean?	それは、どういう事?
but surely you will notice it soon	でも きっとすぐに気づくね
were did you go? to the suppliers. yuri! you took off without permission!	お前 行ったんか? 取引先。 勝手に 由梨ちゃん連れて!
and that's over 20 hours of video every minute.	その量は1分間に20時間分以上になります
like me.	僕は、僕が嫌いなんだ。
because what motts is seeing is actually this.	モッツが実際に見ている映像はこれです
this is mom.	これが お母さんで。
your majesty, please execute me!	殺してくださいませ
you think, i put mine in the blue bin	「リサイクルボックスにいれたんだ」
the answer is what i call ancient food miles.	答えは 私が「古代のフードマイル」と呼ぶものにあります
you will understand nothing with my type of english.	僕のような英語じゃ 何もわからないでしょう
you're not getting out of there.	早くそこを出て下さい
this guy really likes scoring tries against the english...	"彼は本当にイギリス人から" "点を取るのが好きだ"
i would love for my husband to know his father.	夫が父親を知っていて欲しいの
i knew you were too smart to fall for that jacob clown.	ジェイコブ道化に 騙されてるかと思ったぞ
you could see willful blindness	意図的な無視は
yeah, you can.	うん、することができます。
and our main concern then was the radiation from jupiter.	"慎重に討議されてきました" 主な危険は 木星の放射線でした
where was this image taken?	どこで撮影されたんだ?
i'm not cold at all!	やってやれ 天津飯! 負けんじゃねえぜ!
to get to do that. i mean some.	現実になる 他にも
anything else?	まだ他に何か?
hurry. hurry!	急げ!
no previous conviction or criminal record	手配 前科 前歴 該当なし
they didn't say, where is my authorship?	「論文著者としての記載はどうなる?」
what is it?	抹消されるのです。
that's the limitation of dojo swordsmanship.	ソイツが 道場剣術の限界よ。
i don't know how much longer we're gonna get to keep you here.	君をいつまで ここに置いておけるか わからなんだ
hey, that guy...	ねえ沙英 ...沙英?
this changed the history of rock and roll.	『ローリングストーン』誌が 評したイベントです
ranger!	レンジャー!
meaning, someone will be taken by our ancestors again.	また誰かがご先祖様に取られるぞ
and i think the asshole's married.	彼には奥さんもいるはず
fucking hell! where are they?	あいつら何してんだ
how long have you known about your tumor?	どれくらい前から腫瘍が?
just when i thought we could finally meet again, she became someone else's wife.	《やっと 再会したと思ったら とっとと 人妻になって》
if i didn't know any better	私はよく分からないので
what's a cop know of subways? spider?	警察に地下鉄の何が分かる
we have to go home, okay? it's the right	帰るべきだ
that's what i thought when i first saw her too.	俺もさ 最初見た時 そう思ったのよ
the volume of the ocean, at will	思うがままに移動し
and how it can be realized on a twodimensional surface.	二次元平面上でどう表現できるかということにかかっているのです
this is my drawing of a ptree	これは私の描いた「“p” の木」です
and ever since those results came out, policymakers	結果が公表されると世界中の 政策立案者や教育者 研究者が
and you can see that, compared with gorilla	ゴリラと比べたら人間は なかば
all right!	ちょっと ギリコ! そうだよ!
you shut the fuck up.	あなたは性交をシャットダウンします。
no, no! he's my husband! they wouldn't let me ride with him.	私の夫なのよ どうしてダメなの!
put that under the sink.	シンクの下に置いて
did i miss something?	何か見逃してます?
okay! everything ready? get to it.	よ~し 準備いいな。
you're right.	亜門君 君はもういい
15 years.	15年...
just how far i'll go splashing dirt in the water.	私がどこまで泥水をはね飛ばすかを
i want to see your face.	<紗絵子さん。 顔が 見たいよ>
bet you say that about all the girls.	女の子にはみんなにそう言うのかな
that's what i said.	私も言いました
of a bicycle built for two	♫君が二人乗りの自転車に乗る姿は♫
one man alone can't save this city, robert, and we both know that.	1人の男で この街は救えない ロバート 2人供それを知ってる
i was beside him	確かに 連城は板野の命令で 布田をいじめてたし...。
they know you got cash. they hear that...	これで所持金を探る
which stops us taking excessive risks	過剰にリスキーなことをしないようにするこの部分が
don't move.	霧江! 動くんじゃないわよ。
wouldn't talk about it. okay.	なにも そのことは 何も言わない
beyond prosecution?	起訴もしないで
did you? you think he cares about you?	こいつに大事にされてると?
it will only be you and me at home.	家の中で私とあなただけ。
ouch... i thought i was going to die.	イッテー 死ぬかと思った
on this dream once.	一度は諦めてたんですけど。
yeah. she's awful.	そうね 彼女ヒドイいわ
that the ants you see walking around don't do much eating.	外で見かけるアリはあまり食べることをしません
it disgusts me!	胸くそ悪いっすよ
and oh, by the way, what is nato?	ところでnatoって何ですか?」
yeah.	うん 何?
have no compunctions about using education	なんの良心の呵責もなく 教育を用いて
as i'm walking by, i collect them all.	歩いて行って全部集める
it's okay. i've done it before.	大丈夫 経験済みだ
others need you to go to the diner and mop the floors tonight.	今夜は食堂に行って 床を掃除してもらいたいの
so now, with your nearby remote controls...	それでは お手元のリモコンボタンを...。
i'm scared!	暗い... 怖い...。
even when you have a bath?	すご~い! お風呂がいっぱ~い!
to understand the operating system and the frame conditions of a planet	構成条件を理解する必要があり
i wonder where nahoko went.	菜穂子 どこ行ったのかな
a pitiful man... i don't hate him though...	哀れな男... 嫌いじゃないけど
you got a murder, intrigue, young love.	殺人あり 策略あり 若者の恋愛あり
he's gone. gone?	Gone?
give langley a call.	ラングレーに電話するよ.
look, mate, it's just a scratch.	ただのひっかき傷だ
so i see.	そのようだね!
so unless it got stuck in your ass on its way to your cunt, it stands to reason that it's gone whoa!	だからお前のケツにでも埋まってない限り 存在しないんだよ
he moved to the east coast two years ago.	2年前 東海岸に移転してる
bridging the technology competence.	患者と医療をつないだのです
so to get at it	なので 油を採るためには
right now, you're still stronger.	まだ あんたのほうが 強いってことだ。
smarter than us, certainly.	少なくとも俺達より
no, you're the one who made the mistake, 'cause we know you killed her father.	間違ってるとしたら あなたの方ですよ あなたは彼女の父親を殺した
who's the banana man, alright. now focus up, big dog.	OK、火をつけて、これは効くぞ
how 'bout you, doc?	ドクは?
many of our kind see themselves as indestructible.	私達の多くは 自分が不滅だと思っている
check the shuttle rotation on this stb. it should be 300 per minute.	この回転をコントロールして 毎分300回転に維持しろ
and people aren't even aware that they have changed	人々は自分が変わったことにも気付かず
make an honest and diligent effort to win.	地道に こつこつと努力して 勝つってのがさ。
cleaner, cheaper	クリーンで安価で
that long?	そんなに長く
this time, you have to properly accept it and properly do it.	今回は 君が きちんと受け入れ きちんとやるんだ。
i came straight from the airport because i think you deserve to see it first.	空港から直にここに来た 君には最初に見る権利がある
tomorrow i'll arrange for a new companion, but tonight i've got plans.	明日 新しい支援者を手配します でも今晩は 予定があるので
dodee got a little weird the last time she was around the two of you.	前回あなたたち二人の事を 気味悪がっていたわ
ah! welcome home!	あっ。 おかえりなさい。
uh, an intelligence officer actually.	実際はcia調査官です
you know, it did feel different!	違う感じでやったんだ
if she takes a liking to uebaya	上羽やを 気に入ってもらえたら➡
it's a very strange sensation	食われるという感覚は 実に奇妙なものです
we're eliminating people who are still alive.	まだ生きてる人を消去
i'm emily.	エミリーよ
that the brain is canceling the sensory consequences	脳は感覚からの入力を相殺しており
marty, i...	マーティ
i plant one every chance i get.	チャンスがあれば植える
shut up, hostage!	うん? うっ... 黙れ!
so this is the power of mr. ichigos fullbring!	これが一護さんのフルブリングの力...。
will not work in india.	インドでは役に立たない事でした
it's a suicide mission.	そんなの自殺行為よ
it was nothing.	何でもないっすね!
whether it's the same as yours or not doesn't matter to me.	心配なんだよ アイツが うまく やってるかどうか!
what i really want to do...	つか 甘いもん苦手なんでいらねぇわ わりぃ」
even a skilled scam to defraud through both treatments and insurance in a double billing...	医療機関の巧妙な保険請求や 不正な二重請求に目を光らせ
sorry, mom.	ごめん
once you find the silver crystal, everything...	全ては銀水晶を探せば...
i'm really sorry.	マジでごめん ボクジュ ごめん
no, that's a pet.	いいえ それはペットです
this was a seminal event in the civil rights movement	この出来事は公民権運動に 強い影響をもたらし
we've realized that we should do this in a systematic way	これを体系的に実行するべきだと気づいた私達は
indeed!	まったくだよ
a mysterious professor who won't admit he's had something stolen from his house?	何かを盗まれたのに それを認めない教授
give me the plans.	《図面 取ってくれ》
and technology is changing very rapidly.	テクノロジーは急速に変化しています
some did, not everybody.	何人かは耳を傾けましたが 皆ではありません
now, don't just bring it, sing it.	それを歌ってください。 さあ、まさしくそれを持って来ないでください、 そして、これをしましょう。
i guess you are.	恐ろしいのか? 私が。 そうだろうな!
the third base coach isn't a player, right?	...つか サードコーチは プレーヤーじゃないですよね?
we do that by doing active learning in the classroom.	教室での能動的学習です
he didn't say we have a dream. he said, i have a dream.	「我々には夢がある」ではなくて 「私には夢がある」ですね
bitch.	雌犬。
less than 20,000 cases recorded.	2万人ほどの患者が報告されてる
press called him...	プレスは こう呼んだ
but soon after this, in the early 1990s	しかし このすぐ後1990年代初頭に
why are you using beans like these, are you idiots?	なんでこんな豆使ってんの バッカじゃない
come on, samuel.	もう、サミュエル!
hachiro is...	それが オメエさんの刑だ。 お奉行!
i want to know what happened to my sister that night.	姉さんに何が起こったのか知りたい
why not?	そこまで綺麗じゃない
so how goes the novel?	小説は進んでる?
this is a form of resistance.	これは彼らなりの抵抗なのです
oh, boy, thanks for the tip.	いい情報だった
it's a fine line between pleasure and pain.	喜びと痛みは紙一重だ
will parsons. local family man, married.	地元の家庭的な男で
it never ate, never slept.	眠りもしないし 食べもしない
we met?	はじめましてか
now before we begin, i would like each of you to go around the room and offer something about yourselves.	さて始める前に 皆さんがお互いに 親しくなれるよう 順番に自己紹介をしてください
did he come to school?	来てた?
yeah, well, i can wait. iii'll wait.	いや 僕は 待てる 待ちますよ
saw a mess of deer tracks near the creek base.	小川のそばに 鹿の足跡がありました
and look at parts of this.	こういったものに近づくことができます
and i will always be with you.	" そして いつも 貴方と共にいます "
i don't believe it.	信じられないわ
my alliance, like nato, was more powerful than their alliance, i was safe.	natoのような協定が 彼らの協定よりも力を持っていれば
so we make a plan.	殺されるか だから 計画を立てたの
that doesn't matter, right? i was planning on cleaning up after this.	関係ないでしょ。 今日これから する予定だったんです。
there is one project in the california court system right now	カリフォルニア州裁判所の
it's delicious. really like this	おい いの。 本当にこんなのが
i'm so relieved to see you.	君に会ってホッとした
ran the biker named wood.	ウッドという名前のバイカーを調べました
our existence has been coopted, silenced and erased.	私たちの存在は 隠され 沈黙され 消されてきました
he had the same iridium cell phone like me.	彼も私と同じイリジウムの携帯電話を持っていました
we just had to give them the tools and place to survey for ebola.	彼らにはエボラを検査するツールと 場所を提供すれば良いだけでした
this houseboat's in your mother's name.	名義がママになっている
and now you want revenge.	復讐したいか
edward, don't touch me right now.	エドワード 今は触らないで
well, she was bleeding badly.	彼女は ひどく出血してた
oh, now i am really embarrassed.	本当に恥ずかしいわ
huh? let's just drink.	えッ? いいから 飲もう
ignited with nothing more	誰かが行動を起こすに違いない
there's somebody in society who sees it as their job	何か論争があっても 合理的に行動しているなら
well, not exactly.	正確には違うんだが
you never got back to me.	君は 一度も電話をよこさなかったな
why don't you accept me ?	どうして雇ってくんないんすか 18歳以上って書いてあるでしょ
is that one day you will become a father yourself.	いつかおまえが父親になれば 分かることだ
it was a pretty dangerous place	かなり危険な場所でしたから
emotional scars aisan received	亜衣さんは 心に受けた傷を
my bulletproof vest...	防弾チョッキ...
but to the cia, that is actionable intelligence.	だがciaにとっては 非常に価値のある情報だ
that's the problem, we think they're protecting somebody.	それなら事だ 犯人以外の 誰かを庇っている
[shouting in spanish] [sobbing]	いや・・・いや ひざまづけ! !
very clever, simmons.	シモンズだろ・・・
you feel anything?	何かを感じるか?
for this job, i need more than a pair of nice pipes and a pretty face.	でも この仕事には 声と顔より 必要なものがある
their stocks have declined about 90 percent	過去15年の間に
maverick!	マーベリック!
you got to come with me, okay?	私と一緒に来て
you thought he might have been at such a place, didn't you?	そういうとこに いるのかもって 思ったんでしょ?
and then to allow that natural healing to occur.	自然治癒力を発揮させることが大事なのです
do you routinely break the law during the course of your investigations?	捜査の時 あなたは日常的に 法律を破っていませんか?
yes. hori, as he calls himself.	そう 自称・堀
leave.	我不让你去
he was a slimy guy from the start.	最初から うさんくさい男でしたからね
britt!	ブレット!
including one very blond i.t. expert.	i.t.部門のブロンドを含めて
now today, i mean	今でも私たちの電話には
i'll be going now, mother!	いま
through our cameras, you will experience my healing firsthand, from prep to surgery to postop procedures and beyond.	カメラを通して 治療の一切をご覧に入れます 術前の準備から 施術 術後まで 更にその先も
changing into my jammies.	パジャマ着ようかと
at the camp	キャンプは
with a 200 won pen.	200ウォンのボールペンで手術同意書にサインしろとは言えませんよね
you know, when she told me, she said not to blame you, that it wasn't your choice.	お前は酔ってて 選択肢は無かったと
absolutely not.	ダメだ そんな事
sam devoured the pizza. you can't just say, sam devoured.	"Sam devoured the pizza(サムはピザをガツガツ食べた)"は良いが "Sam devoured"とは言えない
was that really the key to a bookcase?	でも あれ本当に本棚の鍵だったのかな
i am a little tired. i just flew on a plane. okay ?	ちょっとね 飛行機で 着いたばかりなんだ
but she looked me in the eye and told me the truth.	"そんな事より 彼女は本心を打ち明けました"
what's most important is from now on.	大切なのは これからよ
which exists outside of what i call the big image.	僕の言う“全体像”の外側に存在するものなんて ないからです
time to talk.	おしゃべりの時間の時間だ
you can link us all together by a mitochondrial dna	皆をミトコンドリアdnaで 結びつけることは--
to make miso soup or pickled vegetables so quickly.	それが急に 味噌汁作れ アジの干物焼け 漬物漬けろ
whether she will really come back or not....	ホントに それで よかったのかなって...。
who are we protecting it from?	誰から守ればいいの?
my god.	まあ、大変
by a man with a history of mental problems?	囚人のいた部屋へ
what starts tomorrow?	明日から何が始まるの?
it's beautiful!	(麻衣子) うわぁ... きれい
agent rhodes! huh?	息が詰まる
did no planning, no prewar planning, to respond to terrorism.	テロに備えていなかったという事
care to show me?	見せてくれ
c'mon, stay behind me!	行くぞ 後ろに付け!
in fact, the trend was for disengagement with the rest of the world.	事実 他国と距離を置く方向に行っていました
what?	ねえ。 えっ。
don't press the switch!	白状するのよ! スイッチを押さないで!
are you crazy?	気は確かか?
so you misled us in order to protect your money.	自分の金を守るために 我々を欺いたんですね
you i'm not so sure.	あなたは・・・どうかな?
don't worry, i'm good at that.	心配するな、得意だから
because the people that were there tortured me.	そこにいた人に拷問されたから
that's another beautiful piece, sir.	綺麗な作品ですね
therefore, you took it upon yourself to choose the childlike me.	不信感と恐怖心をn持っているということ
rome was not built in a day.	ローマは一日にして成らず。
yoshi! you all are safe too	ヨシ! そちたちも無事であったか
hey you, mega long time, no see!	久しぶりね アッシュ
you have great wisdom, anakin.	非常に 賢明だ
and in south africa	南アフリカにも
is that the impact of you father?	ねえ それ お父さんの影響?
take of mine energy and be sated!	私のエネルギーで
she won't finish that piece sooner.	そろそろ 仕上げないとなんだけど。
police have interrogated all related parties.	警察の捜査が進行中である。
you're right, let's do that.	そうだね そこにしよう。
fantastipo.	「ファンタスティポ」
i still got ammo. how about you?	弾薬はまだある お前は?
it's okay, dad.	大丈夫だよ 父さん
come on, get up. get up.	ほら、起き上がって!
and a great humanitarian, mr. terry cox.	偉大な人道主義者 テリー・コックスだ
and you don't get any erosion, and you don't see any dinosaurs.	そうすると 侵食がおきないから 恐竜はみつからないってわけ
this is a worldwide community.	世界規模のコミュニティなのです
you're the only one who understands what i'm going through.	あたしがこれから遭遇することを 知ってるのはあなただけ。
and to experience the rural, local life.	「田舎暮らしを 経験してみたいです」とかって
yeah, to scare people. you know, war paint.	ビビらせる 隈取だ
i am gonna kill jimmy for getting you involved in this.	殺してやるから
what every cell is doing at all times	何をしているかを常に計測できたとしても、
oor maybe the murder was a part of the plan all along.	それとも 殺人もすべて 計画の一部だったのかしら?
who's still doing the same worthless things	まだ こんな くだらないことをしてる
you were right, mother.	母さんの言った通りだったわ
and when the moment is right you confess your love.	その中で愛の告白を
thanks to your work accelerating the hybrid's aging process my backup queen egg is nearing maturity.	貴方のハイブリッド 成長促進実験のお陰で 王位継承卵は順調に成長
right before he blew up a building full of people.	ビル爆破をして 間もないのに
she doesn't know what that means.	パリ風のドレス
able to deeply explore the coordination networks in syria	シリアの紹介グループを深く探ることができました
anton vann.	アントン・バンか
phil. he's out.	フィル - 出てきた
i think there are still many things you can do, so..	まだ できることも たくさんあると思うし
the dragon's fangs?	我が艦はこれより竜の牙にて ウルバヌス迎撃戦を行います
consumers, it's bringing the standards, rules and recourse	サービスの基準 規約の設定や サポートも行えます
a pool of blood and no body suggests homicide.	これは殺人事件よ
because the teacher had watched the program.	先生も番組を 見ていたからです
i'm afraid to see.	あるんだわ。
by all means.	どうぞ、どうぞ。
oh, really? yes, yes.	本当ですか?
i am just dying to say hello to ari.	アリには一度 殺されかけてるし
when i stepped into the garage, i saw a man.	ガレージに入ると男の人が
i'm the deputy manager of human resources.	《私は人事部次長だよ》
nothing in the least like that in any other primate.	他の霊長類の動物にはないものです
00. something ain't right with that vamp blood...	3時から硬直してる あの血は...
i'm sorry but i have to get out of here right now.	すぐ ここから出なくてわ
i didn't know how to talk about anything.	何についてであれ どう話すべきか知りませんでした
what would've happened if we hadn't intervened?	我々が介入しなかったら どうなった?
i also took part in the talking about developing it for dubai's energy	こっちも ドバイの エネルギー開発の話も出てたし➡
now he's just here to get his things. must be tough.	今も 荷物 取りに戻ってきてんの。 [tel]大変だね。
what the fuck? what is it?	それは何だ?
i'm trying really hard not to make it look obvious.	バレないように・・・努力してるのですが
trust is the key. you trust me, stu?	何事も信頼だ 私を信頼してくれるか?
this is not the place for you, lad, there is nothing for you here.	若者よ、君が来るべき場所ではない。 君のためになるものは 無いのだ。
there where no reports or memo's?	それじゃ 何のおとがめもなし?
[episode 11]	第11話
anyway, i am grateful to seigi.	とにかく 正義には感謝してる。
[knock on door] account name was von neumann.	口座の名義人は バン・ニューマン
in what you can get for the same price	同じ価格のコンピュータは2030年までに
a simplified design.	設計を公開しました
they tried to kill you. twice.	2回も あなたを殺そうとしたのよ
who knows?	誰にも分からないわ
and listen, don't make any slips and call me roberts. that'll cook us. i don't need you to tell me that.	俺をロバーツって呼ぶな やばくなる
looks local, not foreign government.	地方のようだ 外国の政府じゃない
that feeling is very close.	そうね。 気分的には近いわ。
you can always talk to me if you'd like.	私でよければ いつでも。
if there's nothing further...	以上ですか?
master howl!	マスターハウル!
alright, attention please	はいはいはい 注目
no...	無需擔心
i lost lundy because of trinity too.	おい ddkと思われる 事件だぞ
because i'm not crazy.	私は狂っていないから
i'm sorry.	さっきは すいませんでした
he and bishop used to share a lab.	ウィリアム・ベル? マッシブ・ダイナミクスの
the world's best computer model of malaria	世界最高のマラリアのモデルを作りました
oh, they're gone.	あ~ なるほど メールでイチャつきはしねえが
me. i do. yes, please.	あたしもお願い
he was scared...	いつも怖がっていました
this is half of our tribe. gordon	半分 ゴードンと
and those in microbusiness	マイクロビジネスの成長が
yeah, hey, gregory. how are you? our onboard sensors report you've had a collision.	防寒着を買い ホッケーを覚える 最悪だ
you mind?	いいかな?
loved the political system.	私は政治システムが大好きでした
you know something, i'd be careful if i were you.	僕が君なら 目をかけるけど
annabeth, that was great, great demigod driving.	アナベス 素晴らしい運転だった
omae, omae..stop saying that!	おまえ おまえ 言わないでよ
yeah, the girls had to be pure because fire is the symbol of purity.	えぇ 女の子たちは 清純でなければならない
if i had a precise inventory of what was in that storage facility when it detonated.	嘘じゃない 本当だ 可能なんだ
and one afternoon, i got a call from my doctor.	ある日の午後 先生から電話がありました
it wasn't just a dream.	ただの夢じゃなかったのよ
i have nothing to do with you.	少しドキドキしたくらい。
this is an experiment, really, for a client, quicksilver	Quicksilverと行った実験です
why don't you both join us?	2人とも ご一緒にいかが?
and this is the first night i met hyunsook.	これが私がイ・ヒョンスク に出会った初めての晩です
that this is one of the major problems	全部とは言わなくても
how'd they get permission to go straight to human trial?	FDAの許可も?
and it's losing its actual meaning.	本来の意味は なくなってしまうんですよね。
what do you want? money? i can get you a lot of money.	警部補になり 学んだのは
had symbolic value, badge value.	象徴的 ブランド価値があり
remember what the river people said?	川の民が言った事を覚えているか?
13 isn't tah all of them?	13人って 全員やないか。
the legend is that the eye is everywhere.	ザ・アイの伝説は 至る所に...
oh, didn't you?	どうして?
the marketers came calling.	マーケティング担当者達から 電話がかかってきました
or he's smart.	それとも賢い
and tickets home for these workers.	労働者達が家に帰るためのチケットも
my grandfather accepted me!	お爺ちゃんに代わって あんたは私が倒す
to look again at the elemental world.	原初の世界を 見つめ直すことです
i'm trying to help you, but to do that, you have to tell me the truth.	私はあなたを助けようとしていますが、 そのためには、真実を話ししなければなりません
yeah...	え ええ...。
i said unintentionally. well it's okay i'm alone	《思わず言っちまった。 ま いいか ガキ1人だし》
and finally...	そして さらは
in and out of hospitals and clinics	助けを求めて病院や 診療所に何度も通い
what about other debts or assets?	ほかに借金または 財産はある?
i told you to tell me if there's anything i can do.	僕にできることがあったら 何でも言ってくださいなんて➡
is my baggage good? westport high school	荷物はいいか? "ウエストポート高校"
give her back to me. i'm trying to protect her.	彼女を守ろうとしているの
how...	どこまで聞いた
joseph can give the injection.	馴れたもんだろ?
oh, my stomach's aching.	くそ、胃が痛い。
leave it to me, sakura.	すぐに木ノ葉も警戒態勢を敷き 監視を強化します。
freddie ross ran me down, i had to see you.	ベティに頼んだ どうしても会いたくて
stop. let me out!	おろしてよ
i will finish you this time.	いい覚悟だ 今度こそ仕留めてやる
vega, you fall right now, you're gonna hit the floor.	今きみが倒れてきたら 床にぶつかるぞ
oh, don't raise my hopes only to dash them.	ボクの希望を 砕かないでくれ
and then we apply kalman filtering	そしてカルマンフィルターを 適用します
despite the damage done by the fire, i see no signs of lividity or lactic buildup, so the victim must have died no more than one or two hours before the fire was set.	火災で傷が加わったにせよ 死斑の兆候は見られない 乳酸の蓄積も
now, he dies of an od?	麻薬で死んだ?
will you stay up with me tonight?	このまま起きててよ
apone, i want you to lay down a suppressing fire with... vasquez!	アポーン 発砲をやめさせろ
goku, i can't wait to see you.	悟飯 待ってたぞ。 はい。
and i expected their work to be	彼らの作品は
was there anything else we needed?	あと 必要なもの あったっけ?
the things that we look for	探し物はいつも
a single overarching framework	宇宙の全ての力を これ一つで説明しようとする
leave my family alone! do you hear me?	家族の事は放っておいてくれ!
you want to help her, huh?	彼女を助けたいか?
steven strogatz: all right, so that already gives you a hint of what happened.	スティーブン: 何が起きていたのか 十分なヒントがありましたね
you dating anyone right now, honey?	今付き合ってる奴は 誰かいるのかい?
that something like that was here.	あぁいや その...。
but i've been taking a sh...	ええ、まだ...
now, you also do probation work, right?	「じゃぁ、保護観察の仕事もするの?
it's becoming a green model.	ここはグリーンな場所のモデルとなるでしょう
because a lot worse things were happening when it came to the children.	道理にかなっていた もっと悪いことが 子供達の身に 起きていたからだ
i'm sorry!	申し訳ございません。
he was having an affair with the wife.	彼はレスターの奥さんと浮気していた。 彼女が関係を止めようとした。
since 1990	1990年から 私たちは
you know, cho, i like you.	わかってるわね チョウ だから好きよ
in which we consume	データの全体から我々が得られるものは、
now, now, kouchou	いやいや 校長
i'm saying you took too long.	時間がかかりすぎたと言っているの
there's no escaping reason, no denying purpose.	理由からは逃れられない 目的は否定できない
no, i was just lucky.	運が良かっただけ
i'm counting on both of you.	二人とも よろしく頼むよ
germany, my own country, in the year 2000	私の出身国のドイツは 2000年には ―
no way we're going down the stairs we came up. fourth floor. hang tight.	階段は使えない 現在地4階
and you know, you'll see postit notes and things like that around people's offices.	ポストイットなんかを職場で見かけますよね
and why are you telling me this?	なぜそんな話を私に?
no, you won't.	言わせるか
i'm completely innocent! now, the shadow man bamboozled me!	私は無実だ 魔術のせいで・・・
and how do they end up here?	それでどうして彼らは ここに来ることなったんだ?
i actually had to ditch support groups	私は実際 患者家族の会を 見限りました
and quite rightly so. he and his son will need access	それはきわめて正しいことです。かれと彼の息子はすぐに
i am glad to give you a phone call	ああ 電話をくれて嬉しい
keep your eyes open.	しっかり目を見張るのよ
nishikikun... you're a ghoul?	あんたの
yeah, as well as his sperm count.	精子の数だけでなく
yeah, i'm so sorry, this...	ええ、私はとても残念です、 この... (笑う)
and he didn't leave you.	一人にしてないわよ
don't do anything, you two.	ありえない いくら何でもそれはない
i'm dumbo.	ダンボだよ
because i was looking for it.	探してたからだ
oppa, you are my eternal super power.	永遠のスーパーパワーです
man, that fucking hurt!	クソ! 痛いだろ!
i also made a mistake here	こちらも ついカッとしてしまって
i also found some white powder on his arm where he was grabbed.	それに付着してた白い粉も
how are we feeling, kanekikun?	金木? 体調どうだ?
i actually have someone i look up to. oh.	実は 私 憧れてる人がいるんです。 うん。
george.	...ジョージ...
victory will be ours!	どうだ! 降参するか?
the serial number of your gun.	別の方法でも シリアルナンバーを入手できる
to the mayor of livingston, to the people of livingston	住民と話し合いの場を設けて
the bone defects on the distal ends of the right radius and ulna suggest the implement entered with a lefttoright trajectory.	骨の先端が欠けてる 橈骨と尺骨が 左から右に向けて
why? why would she decide to do that?	なぜ彼女はそれを すると決めたのだ?
about mom?	ママの事?
if i'm right, it should lead us to whoever's responsible for these new shapeshifter prototypes.	この新型を作った者を 突き止められるかと
throughout the polygraph questioning.	ルーカス・バンチは ポリグラフ検査の間
but george insisted and insisted	でも ジョージはとことん食い下がり
and the clinical methods that we've got aren't very good	我々の持つ臨床手法はその研究観察には あまり向きません
don't tell these guys that i did that, ok?	自分で撃ったなんて、 あいつらには内緒だぞ。
i really tried.	すごく努力した
give me back the money for that camera!	君 君 困るよ。 患者に 勝手に変な物 与えちゃ。
go on. it sounds amazing.	さあ続けて 良かったよ
let's lend it here mainly	ここは主に貸しておくとしよう
you are exquisite.	とても美しい
well that, six beers, and the rhythm method.	ビール6本と周期避妊法よ
he's dead, isn't he?	死んでるわね?
harvey, i...	ハーヴィー
your boss put that plane there.	君のボスがあの飛行機を沈めたんだろう
close it up.	店を閉めろ
now, tell me that wasn't more satisfying than a bout of singlestick.	シングルスティックの一突きほどには 満足しなかったと言ってくれ
why don't you give her to him?	もう彼にあげちゃえば?
kinda have a guy like that in my life, too.	私の人生も似たようなものだ
who moves to a new unit and fails	新しい部署に異動後 失敗をして
i can't hear you.	ニャー ニャー 聞こえねえって
you can relax at home while we prep for trial.	裁判まで家で休める
when you were married	結婚してる時って
let me use your 12gauge, man.	君の12ゲージを使わせてくれ
i was kind of hoping to keep this private.	私は・・・ あまり他人に知られたくないんですが・・・
this is a nori stand	ほら 海苔屋なんだから そう
i'm sorry about jane.	ジェーンのことだ
stay there until you hear from a man named harold.	ハロルドという男性から 連絡があるまでそこにいろ ハロルド?
someday, i'll come get it.	いつか受け取りに来る
and made different objects out of them from tokyo.	部品を使い異なる作品を東京で作りました
when they dissipate, when they rain out?	何が起きているのでしょうか?
no history of anemia.	貧血の既往はない
out of my own pocket.	こいつはまさに殻だ
even if it were, you can't prove it.	本当だとしても それを証明できないわ
to record, edit	キベラtvという
do i have a mother in this house?	この家に母がいたんですか?
even though i went to the	今日 お習字の時に
and the idea is that	このプロジェクトは、
are you on drugs, mister, uh...	麻薬やってるのかな? 君・・・
filthy bastards!	この野郎!
now in our town	私が住む町では
we hear things here.	外の世界の事だ ビキニ環礁さ.
so what if we had a mapping tool	だから見た目の 美しさだけでなく
said he knew han.	ハンを知ってると
you know that your environment is healthy	その環境が健康的だと言えます
here are the new companies i want you to invest in.	投資したい企業だ
come. we make a nice fire and we cook some of the fish.	火をたいて魚を料理しよう
it's partly to do with demographics.	一部は人口統計による側面があり
no apologies will do this time!	今回ばかり許さないわ
that's the password.	それがパスワードだ
of having these strips together can try to make	何本も使い 温まった時に
i'll take care of it, sir.	自分がやります、船長
the child in my tummy	私の おなかの子供は
in kochi city.	[tel]高知市です。
besides, it was in the papers the next day. did they give his full name?	いや 身元不明と
but before your president decides, please ask him this.	だが. . 大統領が決断を下す前に 彼にこう聞いてくれ.
coming out of the un.	簡単なことです
doctors like people to think that they're so much smarter than the technicians but you would be surprised how much they come to us for input.	医師は技師よりも ずっと賢そうに振る舞うけど 実際は 私たち技師に 意見を聞きに来る
who were pretty much done putting out the fire at this point	彼らはほとんど火を消し止めていました -
you're in no position to understand the events unfolding around you.	周りで起きている事が 分かってないな
since today there are more terrorists	テロリストの数も
that isn't really manufactured by a designer	聞いた事もないブランドですが
i came to prepare supper.	"夜食を作りに来たんだよ。"
rumors are her entire family... was murdered by a squad of greek hoplites.	彼女の家族は ギリシャの民兵に殺された
and he was salivating with saliva.	駆け寄ってきました
and here this area of the tarmac	そしてここ... 舗装した地域が...
do you want to see my magic?	私の魔法 見る
ok, let's stop there. offensive weapons act violation.	はいはいはい そこまで~ 銃刀法違反
if the oxygenator breaks, i'm gonna suffocate.	酸素供給器が 壊れたら窒息死
fournier. alice. cell number 75365423.	《名前は アリス・フーニエ 電話番号は 75365423》
hello, jonathan. this morning's window is your most brilliant yet.	ジョナサン 今朝の ディスプレー 見事だわ
'where is our mother? '	ルーカスが ママはどこだって
he said, well what are you doing?	「何をしているのだ?」と聞くと
no, not if you don't want to.	構わないわ
mmm. do we have a verdict?	お味はいかがですか?
plausible deniability.	それは 「まことしやかな関与否定」です
your book where the victim taught english.	犠牲者は英語の教師
weight	體重 87kg
so... yeah.	ですから... - ああ。
it was pouring when eva left the studio, and yet she stood outside in front of this statue for some time.	この像の近くにしばらくいた
doesn't he know that i won't make cannons for anyone anymore?	私がもう、誰のためにも 大砲は造らないことを知らないのか
you're shaking.	震えてる。
i'm on willow creek drive, number 613.	来てくれるか? ウィロー・クリーク・ドライブの
their religion, their isolation	宗教観、外界との隔離、
olivia, did you hear what i just said?	それを聞きたかったよ
it's him you should be having a go at.	なんでアイツを放っておくの?
difficult to say.	難しいですね
this script wasn't written by takakura yuuji.	この脚本は 高倉 雄二が 書いたものでは ありません。
the summoning animals of this island?	妙木山 蝦蟇の精霊素道人
thank you for your hard work!	お疲れさまでした。
i've been working to actually study the earlier interface here	初期段階の感染方法を研究してきました
but, of course, they ended up dying, six months apart.	しかし勿論、それから6か月後に二人とも結局死んでしまいました。
i'm lars tremont, leader of project ares.	ラース トレモントだ アレース プロジェクトのリーダー
i was working for benjamin linus.	ベンの下で動いていた
it's better not knowing it.	にぎやかで よいではないか。
they're not gonna hurt you. i'm gonna find you, okay?	いいえ、手は出さないわ 私が必ず見つけるから、分かった?
with a g suit that squeezes you, that helps you to breathe in	締めつけの強い耐Gスーツが必要です
think about what doing this would fix.	それで解決だと思ってる
i was saving the world.	世界でも救ってるのかい?
not that that's an excuse.	弁解じゃないのよ
shortly before his disappearance, he was acquitted of assault charges stemming from a highly publicized drunken altercation with paparazzi.	彼の失踪の前に 暴行容疑を無罪となって 酔った口論から 公表されました
come back.	本来店就快要倒闭了
i wanna smack the shit out of him, like, for his own good.	ぶっ飛ばしてやりたくなるぜ 彼のためにな
if they holler, let them go.	♪大声で叫んだら 放してやりな
dad! wait!	父さん 待って
she wasn't lying.	彼女は 嘘をついていない。
had no idea what i wanted to become	将来のことなんて 何も考えてへんかった。
the dog entrance. there is a dog entrance?	犬の穴があるのか?
couple of comments about the island, sir. what happened in there?	島についてのコメント 何があったんですか?
aaron kalinosky?	アーロン・カリノスキー?
intimate.	親密なら
but then i took a question with me.	そこで こんな質問をしてみました
yes, boss.	誰か自白するかも
on earth, so that's fine. but it turns out	絶滅する事は無いので大丈夫です
in other words, this is caused by	つまり これが
i don't know... but i'm going to find out.	知らないけど 必ずつきとめるわ
we've seen billy hope win fights in the past looking even more the worse for wear than is the case here.	ビリー・ホープは今までにも― 幾度となく逆転劇を演じてきました
teach him how to think about the problem	私の視点から問題を捉えられるよう
pulmonary edema.	肺水腫だよ
and that disparity struck me as this incredible	この相違点が非常に理知的かつ 道徳的な難問だと感じました
are you sure you were at the right restaurant?	場所はあってたのか?
i will arrange it.	黄泉さん 獅子王を見せて頂きますカ
look at that fucking cookie!	よく見て! 何あのクッキー!
when you have insect manure	牛の肥やしより虫の肥やしの方が
[am i a biohazard?]	「私はバイオハザードなの?」
you don't know him. you don't know what kent can...	あなたは夫を知らない 何も...
let's go.	怎么就那么真实啊
no matter what condition the child is?	どんな事情を持った赤ちゃんも
our senses capabilities so that we can achieve more.	人間の感覚の可能性にも 取り組んでいます
he knows my face now.	俺の顔は知られた
i almost use the economic concept of additionality	経済学で「追加性」 という概念がありますが
stop right there!	やめなさい
nno. i'm making something now.	ち 違うよ 今 作品作ってるの
hatsunesan burnt to death inside a car in the parking lot of this restaurant	この店の駐車場の 車の中で
garth. he does what we do... in his own way.	彼は自分のやり方で すべき事を
we're only women here.	私達はここではただの女さ
315, huh?	31万5千ドルか?
hhey, thanks.	あっ サーヤちゃん おじゃましてるよ。 どうも。
look at that.	見ろよ
and the soul society?!	ソウル・ソサエティや現世を 支配するってことか?
and will allow us to do this in a nice	きれいで視覚的にコンピューターを使う デザインが可能になります
been the same as you guys...	そうだ オレは昔から お前らと同じ
do you know what this might be? does anyone know what that is?	これが何だか分かる方?
i appreciate that.	あなたの気持ちは本当に嬉しい
what was it?	あれは何だ?
this is your first time?	これをやるのは初めてだろ?
ah, now it's gone stale.	あ~あ もう のびちゃうだろ これ
by removing 4 speed counters...	スピードカウンターを4つ取り除くことで
emily, i traveled through time for you.	君のために やって来たんだ
i got an image to protect now.	身を守る為の イメージが出来てる
or half so fatiguing	半分辛い...
chappie.	チャッピー?
no, nikita's right.	ニキータ - 3x08 "余波"
i'm going to let you challenge authority.	社員には権威に挑戦して欲しいのです
what was it all about?	一体何だったんだ?
i received a call from shiroyamasan.	城山さんから 連絡があったんですよ。
my job is to get you to the meeting.	僕の役割は会合の設定
the one who killed them all, including sachi, was me.	もし役割を逆にしていたら 麻酔弾を喰らっていたのは俺だった
does he know you come out here?	外に出てるの知ってるの?
'two close misses. he had to be real good to do that.	かすめて外すとは よほど腕のいい奴だ
still in the family business?	まだ家業やってるの?
modified?	修正された?
she is the fireball girl.	まさに 火の玉ガールだね。
kotone, where were you?	コトネ どこ行ってたの?
it's not something that just anyone can attain.	誰にでも 与えられるものじゃないし
that is christina's husband stuart.	クリスティーナの夫よ
we think that might have something to do with reagan.	これは何かレーガンが関係していると
now, talking of dead weight, give us a hand, will you?	ビールを消せるぐらいさ 今欲しいのは口でなく 手を貸してくれ
it causes obsessive behaviors.	それは 取り付かれた様になります
is that the majority of anything is always bad.	何でも 大多数は常に悪いものだ という意味です
but alpha and beta waves go to your brain. yea.	脳に アルファ波 ベータ。 うん。
it's me, frank.	それをゆっくり説明しよう さあ
will be started	切って落とされた〉
that's from superman!	スーパーマンの言葉!
thanks, peter. yep.	ありがとう
i do.	知ってる
roose bolton will be named warden of the north until your son by sansa comes of age.	ルース・ボルトンは 〈北の監視人〉に任命される お前とサンサの子が成人するまでだが
which fiona	フィオナは
a tree!?	ううん 植木屋さん
alarm is dead.	アラームは死んだ
free yourself from past traumas.	過去のトラウマからの解放を
okay. ah, pain d'pices?	(オリヴィエ)うん。 おっ。 パンデピス?
no, that's nice.	いや これでいい
get the brakes.	ブレーキを頼む
don't wave your war record in our face, colonel jones.	面と向かって自分の戦歴を 言うなよ、ジョーンズ大佐
what was today about?	今日はなぜ?
the plants are still alive, the mirror is just a mirror.	鏡にも植物にも
did i?	私の?
you're going after her with nonlethals.	実弾無しで追跡か
not really. no.	それほどでもない
but one day, if successful, this technology can lead	もし成功すれば この技術はいつか
you, sir, are an unelected bureaucrat.	お前は潜入捜査官の バスクスだ
the one with the cabin in the woods.	いーや 山小屋だって
even if we get everybody working on it	例え皆が この問題に 取り組むとしても
you can attack all you want	これでは攻撃ができない。
how bradley's petty, moralistic self	どのようにブラッドリーの小さな道徳的な自我が
and this is the earliest data that i can find.	見つけられたもののうち最も早期のデータです
by 2008, we're going to kick the butt of the music industry.	2008年までに音楽業界を抜き
you expect me to believe that?	信じるとでも?
you could fly 100 ph.d. students under the umbrella of this concept	博士課程の学生を100人に 学位を取らせる事もできでしょう
oh, jazz?	「意外とジャズなんかも」
i do not want to know...	聞きたくありません。
i was very much inspired by this image many years ago	私は何年も前に この絵に刺激され
aggressive?	凶暴?
what is it that i am here?	俺がここにいるのはどういうわけだ?
was meant to be a ring.	指輪を 意味してるの。
the first hostage from cornwall, the second from london, the third from yorkshire, judging by her accent.	人質はコーンウォールと ロンドン 3人目は訛りから ヨークシャーだ
i have to do it now.	今切断手術しなければ
where's your brother?	お兄ちゃんはどこ?
mrs. altmann, but from now on would you mind only speaking when you're asked?	発言する様にして下さい
no sign of struggle, no footprints, no fingerprints...	指紋もないし、争った形跡もない
my mistake for asking kaoruchan.	馨ちゃんに聞いたのが 間違いだった。
you're looking good.	可愛いわよ
where the money's going and what can be done to stop it.	お金はどこに行っているのか、 それを止めるために何ができるのか?
it's not too late.	大事になる前に出頭して まだ遅くはないわ
as showing appreciation, right?	いえ 掃除することは感謝すること ですよね?
what is it?	フフフ...。 どうした?
are you sure that this is contact information for margot alharazi?	これを使えば マーゴー・アルハラジと 話が出来るのか?
look at me.	僕を見て
ramona lived in new york.	ラモーナ NYに住んでた
partly, at least.	少なくともその一部だ
he's in high school.	帝国高校に?
what are you guys doing?!	何をしてんだ テメエら!
no, you don't wanna go to this bar.	やめた方がいい
a lot of guys are curious about her.	気になってるやつも多いわけよ
ah, those two.	何なの? あ...。
it made me realize kagame used me.	カガミが意図した事か?
please... sign the milk warrant, judge.	お願いです 判事 ミルクの令状に署名してください
it's a long way to drive for a day trip.	日帰り旅行には ちょっと長距離ね
i work with the chinese government now	私は今中国政府と仕事をしていますー
code name duchess.	コードネーム: 公爵夫人
i have people killed, i'm the bad guy...remember?	そりゃ悪党の私だ 覚えてるか?
it's really tasty!	美味しいです。
what?!	どうしたの?
hi, claire.	やあ
i don't get it...	总觉得她没什么精神
i don't know how these images got into the game!	これが どうやってゲームに 入ったのか私にはわかりません!
somebody breached the roller coaster's computer and compromised the code.	誰かがコンピューターを ハックして コードを変えた
that is nothing but a onesided guess by the defense.	弁護人の一般的な推測に過ぎません
you take an angry man to the himalayas	怒っている男性を ヒマラヤ山脈に連れて行っても
aristotle has a point.	アリストテレスは指摘している
i'd like permission to go to new haven.	ニューヘイブン?
and that is really very simple	本当にとても簡単ですが
i thought this place was closed for the season.	この時期は閉鎖でしょ
i was so thrilled when he said he was taking up his place in september.	9月に受験するって聞いて 感激しちゃった
i told you didn't i? how dangerous that is.	私 言ったわよね? それが どれほど危険な事か。
ask chief nurse.	師長に聞いてみろ
i can't wait to use my new voice with my friends.	友達と新しい声で話すのが楽しみ
overphase system	オーバーフェーズ·システムとかいうのが
just you wait, my brother!	互いのサポートを待つよう 取り決めておりました。
holy shit.	嘘だろ
im being dragged!	って 俺が 引きずられてるじゃん!
don't let it open! close it! they'll get in.	開くな~!! 閉じろ!!
would you die without speaking?	喋らないと死んじゃうのかな? 君は。
she wants to know what we have.	僕らが何を掴んでいるか 知りたかった
and get up.	立って
stop it.	エレン やめなよ
would you simply accept your new life and continue on?	新しい人生を受け入れ 生まれ変わるか?
look, fellas. let's make sure we understand each other here.	いいか この際 はっきりさせとこう
eat this!	美海 便所草食らわせ
well, someone here knows something about it, mr. roe.	ここの誰かが何か知ってるはずだ ローさん
they don't want legal distinctions	合法的な共有と
runs a little deeper than that.	本当はもうちょっとだけ ややこしいんだけどね
guns are on that list. right?	銃はリストにあったのか?
i get it.	明日だよな?
is actually the endgame.	実は最終局面です
it was absolutely amazing	とても感心したのは
like a good luck charm.	お守りの代わりに
go to ifidie.net	死神:ifidie.netに行け
man, your boss sounds mentally retarded. so, whatwhat happened to him?	君のボスが精神薄弱に聞こえる 何が彼に起こったんだ?
don't you move.	動かないで
that he took away from the loss.	希望の光があることを教えてくれました
okay! we're heading to the 20th district, too.	いいよ カネキっち
and i truly, truly believe that when we invented agloe, new york, in the 1960s	1960年代にアグローが 現実に作られた時
he probably wouldn't have been found innocent. that's unforgivable.	無罪には ならなかったでしょう。 許せんな。
junior's turning out to be just as crazy as his mama, isn't he?	ジュニアは母親同様 おかしくなりつつあるでしょ
and momma and papa hadn't died	父ちゃんも母ちゃんも 死なずに済んだのに
it increases our openness to change.	変化を容認するようになります
if there is a possibility i want to help them by all means	できるならば どんな可能性でも 試してもらいたい。
hey, what's up? it's me. what are you doing?	ボクだよ 今いい?
smell her nails.	嗅いで
how much do you know?	あんまりがっかりさせんなよ。
they left us here.	来てないんだ
in one of my muscles as a function of time.	必要とされる力を導き出せます
you'll note the removal of organs and the abdominal mutilations are all consistent with the chesapeake ripper.	すぐに分かる 犯行が一致してる チェサピーク・リッパーと
you were friends with me when i first came here.	君はここに来て初めての友達だ
he's alive for now.	生きている
as you actually navigate that space and bounce along those elastic ropes	この空間の中を移動しながら ロープを弾ませていくと
pretty sweet, huh?	これ イカすだろ
there. play back, please.	そこで再生して下さい
it's thorin.	あれはソーリンだ
easy gringo, i know what i'm doing.	心配するな アメリカ人 分ってるよ
i've analyzed it. the individual is highly telepathic.	分析の結果、テレパス能力が優れた人物です
to get around truman's express orders to exclude nazi supporters, they created false biographies for these men.	トルーマンからの ナチのサポーターを排除せよ と言う命令を回避するために 科学者たちに偽の経歴を 作成したのです
what's so important?	何がそんなに重要でしたか?
fine. i get it.	構わないわ
if you can call him that.	お前が電話しといてくれ
in universe, there's kind of no end. it just goes infinitely	Universeでは、終わりというものはありません ただ無限に進み
soon after, a daughter was born to the queen and was named, snow white.	間もなくお妃は娘を授かり "スノーホワイト"と名付けられた
maxwell abrams?	マクスウェル・エイブラムス...
they haven't changed the names of the street signs.	道の名前は変えなかったのね
now, give it to me.	この歌を贈ろう
jeanpaul sartre...bar	ジャン・ポール・サルトル...
breaking up with the boss, that's....	部長と別れるなんて そんなこと...。
you know, when we took your harness off, i figured i knew what you were going through. but, quite frankly, i'm a little embarrassed by some of the advice i gave you.	ハーネスを外したお前に 自分がした助言が恥ずかしい
i see.	そっかぁ...
on the contrary	それどころか
you can do it! please, do it now!	♫あなたならできる!今すぐ始めよう! ♫
you need to know what it would be like to be forced to listen to someone get murdered, and not be able to do anything about it.	誰かが殺されるのを 黙って聞いてみるんだな
come on, guys. we should go.	行こう みんな もう帰ろう
critical, critical condition.	絶体絶命の状況でした
get me john king at cnn.	cnnのキングに
i'm tired. where...?	疲れているが、...
with the three big systems, climate change	成層圏オゾンの減少、海洋の酸性化です
so she decided	そして 彼女は決意した
john, i just had this insane vision.	ジョン またビジョンを見たわ
how can the nervous system get this so wrong?	どうやったらここまで神経はおかしくなってしまうのか。
agent darcy is devastated.	ダーシー捜査官は ひどいショック状態よ
how do you feel after the inspection?	検査が終わって どうですか?
i'm not a ma'am.	私は奥様じゃない。
figure out your mortgages	住宅ローンを計算したり
my father's dead... and my aging mother is alone at home.	こっちの主砲じゃ 歯が立たない!
i understand that luis cruz didn't kill your wife. you did.	ルイス・クルーズは 奥さんを殺してない 殺したのは あなただ
i just have to kick this ball into the goal, right?	このボールをゴールに 蹴り込めばいいのじゃな?
what a magnificent tradition! objections are not allowed!	なんと素晴らしい伝統 拒否は許されない!
it was made for that man to escape the sunlight.	あの男が 日の光から逃げるために作った➡
take your top off.	上半身裸の刑
before the dome came down.	ドームが来る前の
which has actually been observed in the lab	成体になった後で
did he do it?	《琥珀の浄瓶は 届いたな?
from the speculative images	サイエンス・フィクションの
er, no...	い... いや...。
i can't forgive will for what he did to you.	彼があなたにしたことを許せない。
as to why we needed to do it.	取り組み始めたのかを話しましょう
well, then, dig in.	では召し上がれ
okay, i'll keep an eye on cole and the woman.	私は、コールと女を観察する。
if you hurt her	あの子を傷つけたら
[explosion report hong moo seok]	[ 事故報告 ] [ 担当検事:ホン・ムソク ]
lieutenant brody!	ブロディ中尉!
that's your big plan?	それが貴方の計画?
i know you dont drive...	あぁ クソ
we shall begin by drinking the blood of the sisters that came before you.	私たちは、血液を飲むことによって、始めるでしょう あなたに優先した姉妹の。
you want a carrot?	あまりそそられないわ 人参欲しい?
see what i mean?	違うでしょ?
if we had no bias, if we had no preconceptions	偏見も先入観も なかったとしたら
and 3 years, 5 years old	そして、3歳、5歳・・
you're trying my patience, ms. o'brian.	怒らせる気か?
i am... me.	グイン わたしも もう...
no concern to me, you say. where are you going?	関係ないって。 どこ行くの?
and have computer analysis that tells us when to hit it with some electrical current	コンピューターに解析させ いつ電流を流すか決めさせます
then what happens is, it becomes retail.	解析装置は誰にでも 使われるようになります
no fingerprints, no dental records.	指紋も 歯の治療記録も
but the problem was that they were either inefficient	効率が悪かったり
if we don't freeze to death first.	先に凍死しなければね
it totally does!	緊急事態に決まってるだろ
or am i just documenting their extinction?	絶滅までの過程を記録しているに 過ぎないのかです
me, the wife of that boorish, brainless...	粗野で 中身の空っぽな男なんかと
and not just from the fundamental laws.	基本法則から導かれたわけではありません
sonic boom.	ソニックブーム。
brody next?	次はブロディだな
why did you break up with her?	なぜ 別れたんです?
noisy!	ウザっ。
i can't forgive him as an attorney.	法律家として許せないからです
yup, that's it.	しょうゆうこと
but i was sent upstairs for an enforced rest.	2階で無理やり 昼寝をさせられたものです
and i couldn't go because of a scheduling conflict.	日程が合わず 行けませんでした
i thought... i thought... i thought we got away.	逃げれたと思ったんだ・・
i'll remember what was on the seventh.	7番目に何が映っていたか思い出せる
well, what are we going to do about that? we could get smarter.	どうすれば良いのでしょう? 我々は賢明になることができます
sir, that wasn't in your orders.	はい、少佐からの指示が無かったもので
her family was poor and didn't have much.	家が貧しゅうて 足らんもんが いろいろあるんを
than the first 37 percent of people i dated.	最初の37%の人たちより 辛うじてマシだったわ」
whatever.	好きにしろ
just like my client said, it's a ghost of a young woman.	依頼どおりの若い女の霊
glad you came home, sidney.	犯人は・・・
this pencil case is also cute.	あっ この筆箱 カワイイ。
is that ted has an identity.	ted には“アイデンティティ”があることです
and they are thought to be able	そしてウバザメは毎時1キロ立方メートルの水を
i had 46,000 signatures on this petition.	4万6千もの署名が集まったの
i'll always be watching over you, mayo.	オレは いつでも キミのことを見守ってるマヨ。
the fun of this series is determined depending on its contents	その内容次第でこのシリーズの面白さが決まる
do you have the customers list?	ご客リストはできてるか
about a year. uh, fridays only.	1年くらい 金曜日だけよ
how to program physical materials to build themselves.	自己構築のプログラムを組み込む 研究を始めました
i wonder if such a guy really exists.	そんな奴 本当にいるのかな?
and he was scared.	上司が心配してた。
try not to get too many of yourselves killed in the process!	あまり殺され過ぎるなよ
i am sorry to bother you.	あっ すんません。
and i know it is not a fashionable term these days	最近ではそれほどファッショナブルな 言葉でもありませんね
and is she interesting?	彼女って 興味を引きそうな人?
well...	も...物持ちいいんだね
hey, i got some interesting information from muggers dumb and dumber.	強盗から 興味深い情報を聞いた
they typically make the best out of their conditions	彼らは与えられた環境の中で
glad you asked now?	聞いてもいいかしら
theoretically what this means	理論上この事が意味するのは
weird murder, same town.	同じ町で奇妙な殺人があった
and someone cared about this	伝統・古典的な椅子が その象徴になるでしょう
a deerstalker cap and wellington boots.	鹿撃ち帽にウェリントン・ブーツで 一目瞭然です
oh, are you ready?	おッ いくか?
yeah, yeah...	うん そういうことだったら
there's nothing.	何も書いていない
from your standpoint this means	これが人類に与える影響は
is still very much in development in adolescents.	青年期ではまだ未成熟なのです
open road.	どこまでも続く道路。
thank you for coming.	用凍僵的小手描繪天空
please enter.	入りたまえ。
wait, wait.	− 待て 待て
bought 'em from a man i called an indian, but he was a mexican	インディアンから 買ったつもりが そいつは メキシコ野郎だった
or not do, in this case.	その通りにはならない
and start treatment right away. alright?	すぐに 入院して治療しよう ねッ
the arabic language doesn't satisfy today's needs.	アラビア語はこんにちのニーズを 満たしていません
what are you saying?	な... 何だと?
i will return to olympia. olympia?	オリンピアに戻ることになるんだ。オリンピア?
i'll be home soon.	すぐに家に帰るから
what's beyond the door?	ドアの先に何が?
never mind already.	制圧した城など放棄してかまわぬ。
anakin, do you copy?	アナキン 聞こえるか?
to these 21st century technologies?	合わせるのでしょうか
you have to have people who are willing as faculty	最後に必要なのは教員です
that's two exoperatives, an nypd detective.	2人のスパイだ NYPDの刑事
hey, did lisbon date on the job at cbi?	ねぇ リズボンは CBIでは 同じ職場の人とつきあったりしてた?
death happens.	死は訪れる
would they really have different laws?	そこには 地球とは違う法則があるのでしょうか?
we don't need to find out.	その必要はない あるわ
how did you escape, mira?	どうやって逃げだした、ミラ?
well, i will continue with the investigations.	では 引き続き 取り調べを 行いますので。
all this time you spent here, you could've been building worlds.	お前が ここに居る間 世界を創造できたのに
edward, what happened with jasper, is nothing.	エドワード、ジャスパーのことは 何でもないことよ。
where's saoirse?	シアーシャは どこ?
you can call me the coyote	僕をコヨーテと呼んでください
i assume you heard the news.	もう聞いただろ
what are you doing, akagi?	どけ 赤木 一体 何をやってたんだ バスケ部は
you never be american ok?	お前アメリカ人じゃないだろ?
didn't you think i would find out, if not today, eventually?	僕が見つけ出すとは思わなかったのか? 今日じゃなくても結局?
what do you want to do now?	オレら すっげぇ ムチャなこと➡
i know you all feel betrayed	裏切られたと感じてるのは分かるが
already good night ?	もう「お休みなさい」?
a trick... to save a dying pen?	コツ... ? インク切れの ペンの?
dog. dog, shut up.	ドッグ 静かにしろ
come on! jack, get all those people back from the building!	この人達を 建物から遠ざけろ
samuel... no babadook. no nothing. alright?	ババドックの話はしないでね?
to clean up after you.	デイビッドが後始末を
you smell funny. ugh.	面白い匂いだ
they're not. he's not interested in me.	進んでません 私と関係を持とうとしません
that now began to seem quite resonant to me.	それは今の私には とても共感できることです
that human skin pigmentation	気候に関係するという説を
all right. love.	もういい。 愛。
this mysterious restaurant is on a road just a little ways from the center of rome.	ローマの真ん中から 少し外れた通りにある>
and is building their new museum right at the base of the high line.	すぐふもとに移動・新館建設することになっています
then we'll be matching.	あッ そしたら 将悟君とお揃いだね
what's he doing at his house?	彼は家でなにをしているの?
all the people that we've killed, gale and the rest.	私達が殺した人たち皆、 ゲイルや他の、
are you telling me the truth?	よせ と言ってる...。
but the doctor was often busy	でも 先生だって忙しいし
run !	逃げろ
i'm gone for good.	私はもういないのよ
you are a monster	あなたはモンスターよ
ignore this poor boy's absurdities and you make a mockery of his suffering!	この子をほっといて! 病気なのよ 具合が悪いのを無視するつもり
and he was convicted.	彼は有罪となりました
your information was good. got them all?	君の情報は活きてた
no, come on, what did you get me?	教えろよ
this e8 pattern has very deep mathematical roots.	このe8パターンは非常に深い数学的根拠に基づいています
just stay right... wait, wait, wait.	ちょっと待った
the transporter won't operate at warp, and docking's out of the question.	転送装置はワープ中は使えない ドッキングは問題外だ
where?!	目が...。 どこじゃ!
i'di'd done a favor for a serial killer.	したんだとわかったのは その時だ
i mean, i'm getting my life back.	人生を取り戻した気分よ
and gotousan's daughter, 11 year old hikarichan...	♪♪~ 見せて。
one of my few indulgences.	私の数少ない道楽のひとつだ
in bronze for me	ブロンズ像を僕に作ってくれました
that you and i have this relationship?	私たちが こういう関係にあるって。
that old man sure is strong!	あのじっちゃん 強えな。
my son's flying in later.	息子は後で 駆けつけます
i'm sorry.	いいかげんにしなんし 神楽。
and she's able to repeat it with a variety of different materials.	別の材料でも これを繰り返すことができます
agent gomez and i	ゴメス捜査官と私は
was easily available.	できることなんです
saying you all. it is you all, right?	「たち」って。 「たち」でしょ。
oh, my god!	助けて.
managed to escape a police raid... it's not like that.	警察のガサ入れから逃れたって事
he may make it.	ウハハ...。 行くぞ! これで終わりにしてやる。
where's my mum? just because he lacks empathy.	彼は空気を読めない
yes, i am.	私 みなみに感謝してる。
wellwait! wait!	待って!待ってよ!
i'm coming. i'm coming from france, from holland	フランス オランダ ドイツから
maybe you're right.	確かに
now, mr. minton doesn't want to use the word prostitute	ミントン検事は "売春婦"という 言葉を使いたくないのです
and we would plot the relative length of the utterances.	会話文の相対的な長さをプロットしたのです
the director always endured these.	院長先生はnいつも そうされてました。
seriously?! he's such a bottom, though.	マジで!? ウケんだけど。 なんなの?
well, let's try telling them once.	最初は 素人に何ができるって 苦労するだろうって反対したわよ
no, it's me.	問題は私なの
schemes and plots are the same thing.	企みと陰謀は同じものだ
did jack ask you to profile the ripper?	リッパーの事は聞かれた?
because i give them hope.	なぜなら私は彼らに希望を与えているのだから。」
the beautiful fly trap you see above in the slide.	ご覧のような見事なハエ採り用の装置をくれました
a wise bear always keeps a marmalade sandwich in his hat in case of emergency.	賢いクマはマーマレードサンドを 帽子の中に隠す 非常用にな
hey, i'm back. sorry.	俺は戻る すまない
tea's ready. would you like some cookies too?	お茶入りました クッキーもよかったらどうです?
but not of the venerated matriarchs and patriarchs who'd lived a long life	弔辞にも困らないような
this procedure is done according to the rules of the lower house as well as...	この手続きは 衆議院規則 及び...。
twenty minutes, sir.	20分です
and a little bit of motivation	少しやる気を起こさせると
a blond and a brunette just like me and pat.	おばさん 私とパットが好きでしょ
to find out how many hits i get.	どれだけヒット数を得られるか調べてきました。
that the severe texas and moscow heatwaves	テキサスやモスクワの熱波は
i'm here because the only thing worse for this base than you is sutton.	基地にとって悪いのは あなたより サットンです - ジュリアは?
of course, that's illegal.	もちろんだ
stop lying! but he crossed his heart.	あの人たち誰なの?
it's a bad dream, that's all, just go inside, go to bed.	私は大丈夫、私は大丈夫です
thank you, travis, for giving me something i thought i had lost.	ありがとうよ トラビス 失くした事に気づかせて貰ったよ
did you see anything suspicious?	何か疑わしいものを見ませんでしたか?
if this continues, then two of you will develop into what kind	このままじゃ 2人とも どうなってしまうか
and i get an employee discount too	それにね 従業員割引っていうのが あるから
ah, ballerinas. no wonder you two look alike.	あぁバレリーナか 感じが似てる
not as grand as my wife, though!	まあ うちの嫁さんほどじゃないけどなぁ
what did you say?	え? 何と言った?
still inside you	あなた中には・・まだ
hi, artur.	アーサー
what's mine?	おれはどこへやられる?
hold on one second.	ちょっと待った
physical shortcomings. find the goal of your life.	出来ないと言ってないで 人生のゴールを見つけなさい
ssshhh... his mri shows no signs of concussion. no direct brain trauma at all.	MRIの診断では 脳に損傷は見られません
i've been consoling the inspector. his wife passed.	警部補を慰めてた 奥さんを亡くしたから
partial paralysis?	部分マヒ?
tancredi got the location of her shining knight.	タンクレディが王子様の居所を 突き止めた
really is a celebration of the human mind's infinite capacity	本当は人間の心の無限の能力を祝福するものです
slap you all over your face with my cock! don't get in a wreck.	彼女がすごく魅力的で
we've been talking a lot about	プラスチックが引き起こす
the family requested to stop the donor transplant.	臓器提供は 中止したいと ご家族から 申し出があって➡
i need to get her coming after me.	彼女に 俺を追ってこさせる
i am obsessed .... what?	俺は おじているのかも...。 えっ 何?
we don't... not like this.	分りません...
biological there's autoimmune diseases	生物学の―自己免疫疾患、
his name was jacob.	名はジェイコブだった
and it says, how hard was it?	こうも聞いています 「どれくらい大変でしたか」
you found something?	何か見つけたのか?
i might buy a hotel in saint bart's.	ホテルを 手に入れたら
can't afford to operate on faith.	信念に基づく行いをしている余裕はない
i worked a lot with a pianist whose name was steve.	スティーブという名前のピアニストと 一緒によく仕事をしました
to this distaste that people still have for the idea of treatment	嫌悪するような
exactly as i thought.	思った通りの流れだった>
including those that were in a locked case	樹齢千年のオリーブの木から
like your daddy found in the ground when you were little.	パパが 子供の時 見つけたみたいなの
no kiss goodbye?	キスも無しで帰るつもり?
life is not always as it seems.	人生とは、常に驚くべきものー
tell me all.	話してくれ
i'm here. i'm here.	たのんだわ
just checking out the gyroscopic swivel pan mechanism. you know, the new one.	ちゃんと動くかチェックしてたんだ 新しいやつだからね
and we do ok. insulin's a pretty good therapy.	インスリンが効くので健康を保てますが
stop that racket.	もういい加減にしてくれよ!
you mean like, everything?	全部というのは... 全部ですよね
ah...doesn't it feel good?	はぁ... いい気味なんでしょ?
what are you doing?!	お前も お黙りんす! 貴様のほうこそ黙りんす!
what, a report? really?	ワ~オ 傍聴。 マジ?
or light?	それとも光をもたらす者か?
stop! wait!	止めてくれ!
where i'm supposed to be a grandmother in my village?	おばあさんになるような年だと 思っているんですよ
he's... strong.	つ... 強い
then it's like measles, so i will heal right away.	そしたら これ はしかみたいな もんだから すぐ治るよって...。
i can't!	できない
say, by the way, that guy's a crappy employee.	「これは悪い社員の例だからね」と教えましょう
where are you, charlie? more importantly, where is my money?	チャーリーか?
you send out the wrong signal. that is what people pick up.	小さな合図を送れば 人々は立ち直れる
did you forget you own man?	お前 自分の男を忘れたのか?
we lost teddy for two days in bangkok.	バンコクでテディが行方不明に...
hoshinosan. as the leader	星野さん 隊長としても
it could be driving the cip device.	それでcipを動かしてる
ringing the president's doorbell...	なるほど 社長の部屋の呼び鈴を鳴らし
do you really wanna know?	本当に知りたい?
did you find the origin of the abnormal energy?	異常なエナジーの 発生原因は分かったか?
that fischer was subjecting to treatments. fortunately, none of them had activated yet.	FBIが勾留したことです
can you please cut the part where he said it's a lie?	さっきの「ウソになる」っていう 部分はカットしてもらえませんか?
this is my last piece of pride. right when you touch this, our compromise is over.	これは最後のプライドだ触ったら 俺たちの和解はおしまいだ
this is an alienhuman hybrid, living proof of what will happen if we allow ourselves to be submerged in an interstellar coalition.	異星人と人間の混血児 生きた証拠だ 我々が恒星間の連合に没頭するなら
i'm sorry i'm sorry it's alright	ホント ごめんね いや~ 別にいいっすよ
please yep	お願いします うん
that's good, but again we tend to deploy it selectively.	それは良いニュースですが これも選択的に発揮される傾向があります
it's a complication.	複雑だ。
chizuru! stop!	おい! 千鶴 やめろって!
the season of the burning hot beat has come once again!	今年も熱きビートの季節が やってきたぜ ほっほっほっ。
i am six years old, and i don't cry when we leave home	6才になった私は 故郷を離れて アメリカに向かう時も 泣きませんでした
you really need quite a strong incentive	コンドームを使わせる かなり大きな
why would i lie?	嘘ではない
now any astronomer will tell you	天文学者ならだれでもわかるように
bottles and cans are wednesday, please respect the rules.	ビン 缶は水曜日 ルールは守ってください。
murders have been committed on the basis of far less.	殺人というのは 昔から案外些細なことで 起きるものだ
the shield doors must be closed.	シールド・ドアを閉めましょう
i want something more simple.	もっと簡単なの教えて。
don't thank us too much, mary.	お礼なんて。
both of you calm down.	−二人とも落ち着け。 −何も聞いてないわ。
we need bricklayers without borders	技術の習得のためには
i got to tell you	僕は迷ったんだ
osric stark, was elected at the age of 10?	オスリック・スターク 10歳の時に選ばれたんだ
dhs is operating at national threat level yellow.	国家脅威レベルよ
you're not.	違う
and we wound up going to the bismark	その成果として 戦艦ビスマルク号を
i want you to tell me about the s & k company.	S&Kカンパニーについて 教えてほしいんだわ。
and so, the student tries again, and now they got it right, and they're told that	もう一度トライして ちゃんと書けたら それと分かり
what are you warming up for?	他の服は? - うるさい
but calming him down will buy him a minute at most.	彼の感情を安定させないと、
them doing weird stuff is all rumors, isn't it?	変なことしてるっていうのは 全部 ウワサなんでしょ?
the moment your soul gem turns into a grief seed	彼女のソウルジェムは グリーフシードに変化した後
a loss equaling the defense budget military regime collapsed	「防衛予算に匹敵する損害 軍事政権 崩壊」
collectors here with us at ted, local collectors	tedのみなさん全てに紹介したい10人のアーティストについて
i'll start the grill!	(竹本) よし できた 焼っきますよー!
you know, and it's doing this in the ocean.	崖の先は荒れ狂う海
a bit more searching through the profile	プロフィールをさらに探すと
and halee fischerwright, and i noticed	ヘイリー・フィッシャー・ライトと私が
hey guess what.	あのね?
status?	状況は
does it really matter? if he finds out that gonzo is dead and not a police informant, who does he automatically blame?	問題は もしゴンゾが 殺されていると分かったら―
kagurachan, let's go home.	もう いいよ! 帰れ お前!
hey, oniichan.	ねえ お兄ちゃん
you need to visit the back room.	資料室に行って
but don't worry, we can change all that.	治療できるわ
oh, right. her again. aunt marie, right?	またしても マリーおばさんか?
i can hear you!	聞こえるぞ
on my world it means hope.	僕の世界じゃ 希望を意味する
after michael's family was killed	マイケルは 家族が殺された悲しみを...
that's a secret !	それは秘密なのじゃが
night is because she was drunk out of her mind.	あの夜 ソン・ハヨンを背負っていたのは泥酔していたからです
so it's, to me, an extraordinarily exciting time.	私にとって今は非常にわくわくする時代です
she said, i'll feed it to mr. otaka.	「オタカさんに 食わしてやるんだ」って。
a drug called acetaminophen was mixed in there.	アセトアミノフェンという 薬物が混ざっていました。
so amazing.	とってもステキ
the middle ages to modern times	歴史をたどれば 社会的に
behind the teacher's desk who knows all the answers.	答えを全部知っているという方法はやめて
it is usually sold for 3,000 won.	普通は約3,000ウォンで売られているシールをです
watch her.	見ててくれ
i mean, i always know your ritual was gonna work	あなたの儀式は本物でした
no way!	そんな まさか...。
look how small	どれほど小さく
i appreciate the concern, really.	本当に心配してくれてるんですね
she certainly went the before time.	俺 話 聞く前に ちゃんと いったんだよ。
is that we can solve it	単純で誠実な方法で
is she okay?	彼女は無事か?
well, well. what do we have here? who are you?	あらら、これはなんでしょう? あなたは誰?
you heard what happened?	何が起きたか聴いたの? もっと知っている。
maybe on paper our company is worth less to wall street	「私たちの会社は金融街の連中にとって以前ほど書面上の価値はないかもしれない」
hide the glass!	隠しなさいよ!
it's also worth noting that although the idea	この発想が私たちにとって
so now whenever somebody says that something is a pyrrhic victory they mean it's a victory gained at too great a cost.	つまり―― この言葉を使う時―― その勝利の陰には必ず――
sakamoto! did you injure your leg?	おいおい...
come over here.	おいで
let's light this thing up.	ツリーの点火だ
and the next time, bellator, it will be at your cost.	そして次は ベラター お前のつけだ
okay, i got it. i got it. wait, what does that mean?	うん。 分かった。 分かった。 ちょっと どういうこと?
it was nice of you to volunteer to be my nurse.	看護を志願してくれて ありがとう
here you go. thank you.	はい どうぞ。 はい すいません。
that was exciting.	エキサイティングだ
for starters, don't think of it as lying.	まず... 嘘だと思わないことね
well it is just reproduced on the lower floor	まあなあ ちょうど下の階で再現されてるだろう
boss, nevada county sheriff's office called.	ボス ネバダ郡保安官事務所から 電話です
right now the dragon seems to	飛び立っていきました。 今 現在 ドラゴンは
but you and i have a history.	私はライセンス持ちなの
it's in the basement.	地下にある。
aria.	アーリア
you just know, this is what holy communion is symbolic of.	これこそが― キリストの血を象徴するもの
some people think i'm forward, but, you know, if i like something	積極的すぎると思われるけど 好きな物が有ると
it's quite a thing winning the loyalty of a woman like that for 19 consecutive seasons.	19年もの間、あのような女性の 寵愛を受け続けるなんて なかなかの物だわよ
there was one person in the contractors who was the right size	ある施工業者が
hey, gina.	ねえ、ジーナ。
do you know a man named isaac?	知っていますか? アイザックを
what is it?	そうですか
at that time, when sensei derived conclusion that it was national terror	あの時点で 先生が国テロという 結論を導き出したことに
my bellyhurts.	今 師匠って...。
posted names and addresses of guys who visited kiddieporn sites.	児童ポルノサイトの 訪問者を暴露
so did that.	そうした
politics, law, civic life.	政治や法律や 市民生活を左右します
working underneath someone didn't really agree with me.	人の下で働くのは性に合わないし
if the president can't be persuaded, we can't procure parts from you.	社長を説得できないかぎり 部品供給はないんです
oh, fuck.	ああ 何だよ
and bob.	ボブも
so what do you think?	それで どう思う?
say, you haven't killed him, mutokun ?	ねえねえ 武藤君がさ 殺したんじゃないよね?
and maybe someone's holding their phone at an angle	携帯電話を斜めに持っていても
so then it's a suicide.	それじゃ 自殺ですね
so you thought i was dead, huh?	警官だと思い込んでたよ
i don't have any cash with me.	現金は持ってない
he was working with an accomplice.	共犯者がいたものと
he's not in the office this morning.	今朝は出社してません
i wonder if they'll arrest him?	逮捕とか されるのかな?
and they wanna use me.	使う?
i don't want you to leave.	ここにいてくれ
sir, this is not your show.	あなたの出番じゃありませんよ
do you have any idea what time it is?	やっぱり考えてないだろ
hold on! no! okay.	捕まって もういいだろう
i thought... wait a second.	まあ 聞いてくれよ 俺はな...
well, if you take those out, they hold water great	外に出せば 水がたくさん入ります
let's rope all the way, so i know you can make it.	ロープを辿っていく みんな行ける
in the immediate aftermath of an affair	浮気で揉めた後から
all right, all right!	もういい!
oh yeah, i forgot to mention, but according to the document, the sword can't just be given away.	そうだ 言い忘れましたが ただし書きによると この刀
i like that	それ いいね
so, what's it like?	で どんな感じ?
cochrane's got a lockup railway arches, horsemonger lane.	コクランは 貸しガレージにいる ホースマンガー・レインの鉄道門だ
if it's guilty of inflicting injury, the defendant will be saved.	だったらここはひとまず妥協して 傷害致死で有罪にしといた方が 被告の為にもなるんです
tan?	タンなの?
the patriot act was a unilateral legislation.	愛国者法は 一方的な法律だからです
is this sue?	これが彼?
okay, john. you take good care of yourself.	分かった 体を大切にな
sensei!	先生
right...	すぐ戻る
hmm? i have not made such a promise. ha! what?	ん?そんな約束してないよ。 はぁ!?
long live france!	フランス万歳!
it's a language. but it is not a language that can be reduced	言語なのですが、我々が言葉で書くことができるような
bogatyryov. well, you all know what kind of a man he was.	反革命軍か何か分からない 村と連絡が取れないんだ
so let's improve his outlook.	知ってることを 聞かせてもらうぞ
me, too.	俺も悲しい
that cares about the environment and people	実際に問題に取り組んでくれる
like deciding on a cancer therapy or developing a drug.	新薬の開発といった 重大な決断を下しています
i got him.	任せろ こっちに
all right?	わかったか! ?
that's not good for creatures like polar bears who depend on the ice.	氷に依存して生きている北極熊 の様な生物にとっては不都合です
jacob sent us.	ジェイコブが送ったんだ
golgo's fate is decided.	それでは70万ユーロに 決定いたしました
she's from out of town though.	でも、違う街から来た人間だ。
really! isn't it great?	ぱねー すごくない!
what is it?	ここは、どうなるのかな
testing, testing, one, two. kimball cho's a wallaby.	テスト テスト ワン ツー キンブル・チョウは ワラビーに似てる
this internal sense of rightness	直感的に正しいと思う事は
in fact, it already is.	実際 すでに結果が出ています
this relentless pursuit of terror.	"容赦なく追い詰める"
there's only a little left.	話を聞いてたか?
of how you will disagree.	すべてに賛成する必要はないというものです
experience an allergic reaction	アレルギー反応を経験させるので
then you got real problems, okay.	現実問題として―
damn, he's got his kid with him.	クソ ガキも一緒だ
what about when people move?	何のこと?
thats right!	それが カオスの愚かさだ。
to give	"まだある事を"
no, no, no, just run! just run!	逃げろ!
the interesting thing is that intuitive eaters	興味深いことに 直感的グループの方が
but i probably	だから お前の行動を見てるんだ。
behind the scenes my entire life..	《一生 裏方》
i see it!	自家製なんですよ
is there redemption for the sin of my younger days?	若かりし日の罪を あがなえるのだろうか
bow street runners missed everything.	警察が見落としを
this.	えッ 何なに? これ
saudi arabia today is taking small steps	サウジアラビアは今ようやく小さな一歩を踏み出し
two colleagues of mine passed away recently	2人の同僚が 小型機の墜落のため
now, the most optimistic dreams	どんなに楽観的な夢にも
but it was a good combination, was not it?	でも いいコンビだったよね。 っていうか 付き合ってたね。
this thesis states that the chronic hepatitisb naturally becoming livercancer is the most common, and	慢性b型肺炎が自然的に肝臓ガンになる例はとてもよくあることで
the customer is happy, because the customer is god.	お客様は神様なので、幸せにします
and imagination are driving the demand for access to space.	必要性を促進している奇跡のような時代の合流点にいるのです
how bad does it feel?	そんなに痛いの?
well, one of the reasons is because i've known you my whole entire life.	生まれた時からの付き合いだし
next, by sending a beasttype monster from my hand to the graveyard	さらに 手札の獣族モンスター 1体を墓地へ送り
sure of what? once this custody issue is resolved, you'll go through with it, right...?	...何を? 親権の事 片づいたら してくれる?
how do you know?	彼女は歩き回っていた、 射殺された後―
are you all right? what happened?	大丈夫です 我々 祓魔師が処分します。
he's afraid of losing control over his castle.	こいつは尻にしかれたくないのさ
but these maps have been static.	でも変化しない地図でした
you wouldn't send all the information together.	すべての情報を一緒に 送ったりしないだろう
for the life you've stolen	あなたが奪ってしまった命と
when i was six years old, my grandfather sent him away.	私が6歳の時に 祖父が別れさしたんです。
i'll be happy to join.	はっ 六番隊の 阿散井副隊長とご一緒に➡
what are you doing? got to get out of here.	何をしようってんだ? - ここから出るの
you do.	やれ
on the body...	体軸に対する対称性
the frame was still there.	額は残っていました
i heard his voice inside my head.	私 呼ばれたんです 頭の中に直接この子の声が
shouldn't be fooling around.	ぐらついちゃダメ
welcome to the christmas party classroom!	クリスマスパーティーの会場へようこそ~
there's no need to lie to me.	私に嘘をつかないでね
nothing's changed.	変化はないぞ
is that as a signer? or, is it...	クソッ! オレは死なねえぞ!!
i'm over here.	早く入りな! 飲み直しだよ。
is it too much for me to ask? is it, now? is it, now?	为什么这么说 这不是当然的吗
that's the kind of work it is.	そういう仕事だってな
so i'm going to show you what i found over the last year.	去年発見した事を皆様に お見せしたいと思っています
would they all know what to do then?	そしたらやつらはどれも 新任務を理解するわけ?
a lot of them have said	彼らのほとんどは
some kind of drink?	飲み物?
brice, you all right?	ブライス 大丈夫か?
ofcourse she will! everyone starts from gravure modeling.	そりゃ そうよ。 みんな 最初は水着なの。
so, that's a scenario that we think we should be capitalizing on.	資金投入するには格好のシナリオと思っています
i activate the trap card pinpoint shot.	トラップカード ピンポイント・シュートを発動した。
what is it?	なにがおかしい
everything's jammed.	妨害されています
huh? sweets, maybe you can write me one of those shrinky letters or something like that.	心理なんたらの報告書は書けるだろ
come... i've contacted some mujahideen who have held some pakistani taliban.	何人かのパキスタン人タリバーンを捕虜にしている
the old games are proving less and less effective.	古臭い方法で無理が生じてる
you know what it is?	この事件がどういうものかわかるか?
we would ask anybody who uses that chat room or similar sites to please contact the cbi if they come across any suspicious activity online.	そのチャットルームや 似たサイトで 怪しい動きをしている人物に出会ったら cbiに連絡してください お願いします
you don't know.	知らなくていいことだ
yeah, i'm coming. please.	今 ほどいてやる
time for me to write	とりあえず今は あいつらが飽きて帰るのを待つか
hey, it echoes.	声が響くな
it's about twothirds the size of this place, and they want almost twice as much.	ここの約3分の2の広さで ほぼ2倍の広さを希望してる
for what? what are you sorry about?	何が?何のこと?
we're on our way to help general skywalker in the hangar.	スカイウォーカー将軍を格納庫まで助けに行くところだった
and because it takes 24 hours to work, you can make sure you have an alibi.	効果は24時間後に現れますからアリバイも完璧に作れる。
which vampire?	どんなヤツだ
okay. criminy.	なるほど そうかい
listen, let me talk to felicia.	フェリシアに代わって
eaten some of the food we so feverishly prepared?	俺たちが嫌になった わけじゃないよな?
and began to build their homes right in between	この作りかけのビルの
that's him.	この人よ
if it's just the family members, must we properly...	家族だけなら きちんとしなくても...。
a shooting star!	流れ星じゃ!
i'm sorry.	スンジュにもあなたにも申し訳ないわ
this room is secure. you'll be safe.	この部屋は安全だよ
that teacher never learns.	是木山老师解开的吧
that's grounds for impeachment.	弾劾の根拠になります
so, i had to start on my own. so i moved to san francisco	なので私は自力で始めるしかなく サンフランシスコへ移り住み
that means hmm	それじゃ...。 うん...。
not one day but this week	「いつか」じゃなく 今週からだ。
no. no. this is different.	-違うよ、これはそんなんじゃない。
words can be meager things.	言葉だけじゃ表現に乏しい
guys, don't mess with the hair.	「ねえ 髪を乱雑にしないでよ」
mr. penguin?	ペンギン?
our wagon carried out manoeuvres right down to the letter.	我々の車は予行演習中 文字通りの意味でだ
the book of iona!	"イオナの書"だね。
and as sure as hell afterwards	その前後に起きました
and i'm supposed to be a philanthropist.	それで私は慈善事業家だと呼ばれるのです
you' re saying that gonzo is currently operating as a police informant as far as you know?	君はゴンゾが― 警察に情報を流したと 考えてるわけだな
what's with the bag?	どうして鞄を?
one of the amazing things that i've discovered in my travels	私の旅路で見つけた素晴らしいことの一つは
and then she was gone.	そして、それっきり 最後にハンナを見たのはあなたね?
what's amazing is that working with such	すばらしいのは
nothing.	先生。 どうしました? いえ。
i don't suppose you have any idea what the damn thing is?	いったい何だろうな 見当はつくか?
to get us to iscandar as soon as possible.	ゲルガメッシュ 離床。 間もなく
we have to go help them!	そ そんな。 助けに行かないと!
well, i wonder if she's still alive. she's probably still alive, ellie.	彼女はまだ生きてるのか疑問だけど 恐らく彼女は生きてる エリー
um, makotokun.	あの 誠くん
are now being applied to human children.	現代の人間の子どもたちに適用されているのです
it's usually night in there.	夜がお約束だろ?
how did you find me?	どうやって見つけたんだ?
but that cabinet's locked...	しかし あそこには鍵が...
in very much the way we're used to life [going.]	展開していることがわかります
how do we get close to them?	どうやって 奴らに近づく?
president, are you okay?	大統領 大丈夫?
of course, we'll compensate you handsomely.	もちろんそれなりの手当は用意してあります
mt: yeah, but i guess my hand is better. we beat the odds.	確かに でも僕の方が強い 逆転勝利です
so, mr. stack...	じゃぁ スタックさん
two of them?	ふたり
no. she's a dangerous killer, and she's a flight risk.	当たり前よ 彼女は 危険な殺人犯よ 高飛びするかもしれない
and this is what happened.	その質問を受けたとき
full disclosure... that does raise a flag.	情報開示します すべて明らかに
with the things in our lives relative to the value	考え直すようになりました
and i'm in love with being in love	私は恋することに恋している
get it back there. get it back there.	足跡があるぞ
what! ?	なんだよ?
if you want to stop something, then stop this bomb, please!	止めるなら この爆弾 止めてくれ!
every fucking time, you have to chin someone.	殴ってたら切りがない
i, as your teacher, am very worried about that.	センセはそれがタイヘン心配です
you realize that the whole thing is connected	全ての事が関連し合っている事が解ります。
i'm sorry. my aunt is always late.	ごめんなさい おばは いつも遅れるの
well, those are from the safe house i set up, so, technically, they're mine.	俺が用意した隠れ家から持ち去ったんだから, うるさいこと言うと, ダイヤは俺のだ.
where they are.	そいつは どこにいるんだい?
but a fraction of the country, a substantial fraction.	かなりの割合の面積が施設のために必要となります
this is ludicrous, captain.	ばかげてます
no one's coming.	だれも 来ないよ
the extra air in her chest.	胸の余分な空気を
well, i mean, if if if that's if that's what you want.	君が・・・ そう望んでるならね
well, look at that.	そうね
and you promised me you'd do exactly as i said.	俺に任せると約束した
anne marie, she found him before, using bilocation.	アンヌ・マリーアンヌは 以前に彼を見つけ出した バイロケーションを使って
regardless of identity politics	肯定的側面があります
to your house?	先輩のおうちですか?
you're serious?	マジで言ってんの?
did he do it?	やるだな。 あいつ。
every night he plugs it in to charge but his hands are shaking.	毎晩プラグを差し込むとき、 手が震えていたということだ。
i don't want you on that site again, okay? promise?	そのサイトには二度と行かないで いいわね 約束よ?
you pervert.	倒錯者なのよ
it was amazing.	本当だよ
i like the idea of separating the boys and girls.	男女を分けるという アイデアはいいわね
and one thing they certainly do at the moment	確実に実施することは
have you only just woken up?	今頃 お目覚めですか~?
paintings.	お絵かき
carrack played him.	キャラックに 利用されたんだ
over here, over here.	絶対 無視な! もう 知らねえ! ばばあ オーバーだ~!!
we were three writers, one from the philippines	作家が招かれました
you should get him to take you round the garden after dinner. so you're a shop owner and a recordcompany boss now, are you?	君はレコード屋の店長で オーナーなのか?
about the risk of it, but it worked pretty well.	うまくいきました
he wasn't extending his legs appropriately.	息子の足の伸ばし方が おかしいと言うのです
you killed my family!	お前は謝罪さえしてない!
frobisher discovery. patty will need a full summary.	フロビシャー訴訟の 概要をまとめて
are you from the police?	警察では...
i pulled this card, the magic card, equivalent exchange.	私が引いたカードは マジックカード 等価交換。
all right, let's go. drive the car!	いいわ いきましょう
but i really want you to see what i'm like now.	だけど 今の僕を ちゃんと見てほしいんだ
i was experimenting with these i don't know if you can see it	この事に関しては様々な試みを行いました - 見えるかどうか分かりませんが -
we'll be able to have the resources and that interest	これらの問題に取り組むための資源や関心を
it's enough with todai.	さっきから 東大東大うるせえんだよ!
look, i told you everything i know. i told you.	知っていることは すべて話した
are becoming more and more communicative.	どんどん話をするようになっている事です
burnett. ln the radio room.	バーネットとは無線で繋がってるが
what the hell's happening here, dammit!	お前 これ 一体どういうことだ? この野郎!
excuse me?	今なんて?
into supercomputing collectives	インターネットを通じて
central city is safe. i guarantee you.	セントラルシティは安全です
just who the hell are you?!	貴様は何者だ!
it is time to fight!	次回 レトリビューション
there is something fun. what?	あるよ 面白いこと
i'll walk you through the rest.	あとは指示する
excuse me. hey! hey, what are you filming for?	ねえ 何撮ってるの?
this is a wmd site. this is a highpriority site.	ここはWMD格納庫だぞ
geena, one quick question for you.	キャスリン・シュルツ: ジーナ 1つだけ質問させて下さい
kids happened later, even death happened later.	死ぬことだって先になってる
be thorough.	全部話してくれ
i'll have it to you in an hour.	1時間で終わらせる
you went to the shrine because there are no stairs in the house, right?	うちに階段ないから 神社行ってたんだっけ
this is... this is a violation of our promise, huh?	もう... もう こんなの 約束違反だよな。
i'll listen to any alternatives, soldier, but until i hear a good one you burn them.	焼却しろ チームaから感染2例が報告
what's my window?	窓は?
lonnie.	ロニーだ
tonight, it would seem new york city owes him a debt of gratitude.	ニューヨークは 彼に恩義を感じているようですね
no no no no.	ダメだ... ダメだ
weren't people from his company supposed to come over?	今日 会社の人が 挨拶に 来てたんじゃなかった?
of you hiding, notnot the special forces guys. i miss you.	君が守ってたら 特殊部隊じゃなくなるな 会いたいわ
let's see...	说起来啊 你老是这样
51, murray, 49 perez, 10% reporting.	"51 マレー 49 ペレス 10%の公表」
was that so?	惜しかったなぁ。➡
should've shagged you then, but instead	あなたが疲れ果てていた時
want revenge, sebastian?	リベンジするか セバスチャン
social, ecological and economic benefits.	社会的、生態的、経済的な利益をもたらします
like heaven or...	天国の...
you really think we can find the woman who called me?	電話をくれた女性を ほんとに見つけられるかな?
i am cisco ramon and she caitlin is dr. snow .	僕はラモーン 彼女はケイトリン... スノー博士
so, that was the end of that party...	それでパーティーは お開きになった
ah, that is...	強く生きるための訓練だからさ。
still, never answered.	返事がない
sonya seems to be taking her sweet time.	ソーニャは やる気ない様ね
this is an antique shop, not a museum.	骨董品屋だぞ
you played a lot with him, didn't you?	よく遊んでもらったでしょ
i always get in trouble for this kind of stuff.	いつもこんな調子で トラブルに巻き込まれるんだ
he crossed a continent to serve me.	私に仕えるため大陸を渡った
you are headstrong and inquiring.	キミは頑固で 好奇心旺盛
that spans across the equator	赤道を越えて広がり
i will not let that happen.	俺が守る
by creating a visual persistence.	記憶が増強されること
frank, that was beautiful	フランク 素晴らしくて
snow black	我叫有田春雪
you wonder what people see up toward that blue sky.	空の青さの向こうに
norman! (laughter)	ノーマン! (笑)
then why plan ahead to beat the polygraph?	ポリグラフを誤魔化す準備をなぜ 前もってしたんでしょう?
with a relatively weak laptop.	性能の劣るラップトップが組んだ ペアに敗れました
it's all right.	ちゃんとあるようだな
we've shifted our focus in one sentence from john to mary	焦点がジョンからメアリーになった
it's okay, everyone. he'll be fine.	大丈夫 ご安心を
wipe it for me.	飛んだだろ 拭いてくれよ
i don't want to believe it because her being in there, trapped	彼女がまだ存在してるなんて...
i have a simpler one. you're all not worthy.	面白い推測だが もっと単純だ
then maybe it's a good thing... confronting your past, even for your kids.	過去に向き合うのは 子供のためにもなる
the accused has the opportunity to confess.	被告人は白状する機会だ
mmm, what can i say? i have faith.	まぁね・・・ 私には確信があるから
trent russell kidnapped hanna frey?	トレント・ラッセルがハンナを連れ去った?
uh... it'sit's in my jacket.	えぇっと それならジャケットに...
this thing has been distributed across the malarious world	マラリアのある全地域で 配布されてきました
and he left in disgust.	彼はうんざりし 瞑想の場を去りました
i was wrong about you, harrison.	君を誤解してたよ ハリソン
never heard of that before.	聞いたこともないが
the accused, taizo hasegawa	被告人 長谷川泰三を 有罪とする。
jonesey!	ジョナシー
was being carved?	知っていたんやないですか?
and all the while, the people were forgotten.	そして、すべてのしばらくは、人々が忘れられた。
back to my mother's place.	ご苦労さまでした。 失礼します。
but there isn't anyone else;	でも「他の誰か」はいないのです
thank you so much, god!	か 神様 ありがとうございます
do you want to see the rest?	残りも見たいか?
coffee, madam?	コーヒーをお持ちしました
but i think i can begin to understand now.	今は 少し理解できる気がするの
i don't know if it's still any good.	保障はないけど
son goku, huh?	〈驚くべき悟空の強さ。➡
a conversation is not a deal, colonel.	会話は取引ではないわ、大佐
i told her go home, get some rest. well, is everything okay?	メールには重要とあったけど
we're waing for your friends to get here, kate...	我々は君らの友達を待ってるんだよ ケイト
but we're not gonna beat a 50 caliber machine gun.	50口径の機関銃には適わない
why am i here?	《どうして 僕は ここにいる...》
so we're trapped in here. there's barely any food or ammo.	だからここに閉じ込められてる 食料と弾丸はなんとかあるけど
is there anywhere you want to go?	長谷くんは どこか遊びに行きたいところある
throughout the ocean	情報を収集し
what?	美神さん なんで?
the first thing i'm going to do when i get back is to get some decent food.	帰ったら まともな 食事をしたいね
this is more than just malice	これは悪意以上のものよ
the worst have thankfully not yet happened.	最悪のケースは 有り難い事に まだ起きてはいませんし
compared to morning glories and the like...	ビワは駄目なの? んー 木って アサガオとかより
is it fine for you if this settlement doesn't work out?	ホッホッホ
i summon the tuner monster, dark resonator, in defense mode!	チューナーモンスター ダーク・リゾネーターを 守備表示で召喚!
he'll cause me trouble and grief a hundred ways, but he don't lie to me.	主人は いろんなことで 私に面倒をかけて 私を泣かせてきたわ でも嘘は つかない
don't worry.	佐々木家に遠慮はいりません
i'm holding the door.	このままでいますから。
she's an idiot, but she's useful.	だがアホは利用できる
and looking disapprovingly at another group of cavemen	ほかの穴居人が石の輪を転がして
so how's it hanging?	そんで 調子はどうだ?
yes, sir.	そうです 司令官
we could let the trash take out the trash.	俺達は 高みの見物も出来るぞ
let's speak somewhere the dead can't hear us.	死者が聞こえぬ場所へ行こう
could've triggered a massive sympathetic discharge...	交感神経放電が起きたかも
let elaine, smile.	何よエレーン 笑ってよ!
yeah.	うん 重い
yuki won't come out.	ユキ 出てこない。 そのうち 出てくるわよ。
you'll love it there. look.	ほら 行きたいだろ?
from the office that i worked at.	金ばさみを使っていました
we're counting on you!	頼みましたよ!
and then when i come back, we can talk. talk?	ー 戻ってきたら またおしゃべりしましょ? ー おしゃべり?
you forgot i sent you home in a cab.	俺がタクシーで家に送ったことを 君は忘れた
you know, how why would a kid want a dinosaur?	なぜか子供たちは恐竜が好きですよね
she's not a mom for nothing.	さすがです。
i don't know anything.	何も知りません。
take them!	行け 連れ出せ!
could you patent an environment?	環境を特許にできるでしょうか?
which was confirmed less than a week later	1週間も経たないうちに 証明されました
another mystery?	他にも謎が?
and maybe she will be more successful than you are and prettier and richer and skinnier and they end up doing everything together.	ずっと 美人でリッチで細い親友が 結局何もかも 二人でしてるかも
jesse, you gotta believe me. i didn't want any of this!	私には何の得も無い事だ
i'm sorry.	そうだった ご免よ
i, uh, hope i didn't overstep.	出過ぎた望みではないと
i need his location.	どこにいるんだ
are happening on these twoway radios where they forget	暗号化するのを忘れたり 暗号化しなかったのに気づかなかったことが
every cop in the state's out looking for us.	州全部のサツに 追われてるんだ - リスクは承知だ
am i able to take ryota's place?	流川にパスしようとしてる
if you are boiled down, just take a break and switch back to head	煮つまってるなら 一度休んで頭切り替えましょ
so treat every day as if you're gonna get hit.	だから 用心して扱うんだ
the bus, i can forgive. my hat?	バスの件は忘れるが 帽子は ...
mr. keller, i like what i see here.	気に入りました
this guy?	彼だ
the rest of what i found is in there.	私が分かったことは ここに書いてある
the twin tails... of heresy	异端的双马尾
who are very different from ourselves.	人を見つけること
apparently, he's holding together.	一緒にいることは 明らかだ
amen.	「アーメン」
sorry, everyone.	あッ 神凪さん... みんな ごめんね
oh, and he really loves bondage!	おおお...めそめそ?
this is private epstein, from new jersey.	こいつはニュージャージーから来た エプスタイン上等兵だ
i gotta get to work. yeah.	仕事に行くよ
espada in their released forms can shoot out special type of cero.	解放したエスパーダは 特殊なセロを放つことができるんや。
i'll do that.	そうします。
not intensively.	「集約的な養殖じゃない」
do you know that?	そうだ 知ってるか?
it's because he wants you to think that.	そう彼が思わせているだけ。
we still need to discuss some things	もう少し話し合わなきゃ いけない事があるんだけど➡
looks like someone is worried about impending daddyhood.	子持ちになる日が差し迫って 不安なんでしょ
mousie, mousie, run! run!	マウジー マウジー 逃げて
your car.	Your car.
what was inside of my heart?	身内で悪いが 封印するぞ。
practically everyone is.	みんなそうさ。
ooh, sorry. i always forget you and flash used to be an item.	ごめんね いつも忘れちゃうのよ フラッシュがあなたの元カレだったって
i can never get rid of the guilt for what i did.	どうしても罪の意識から 逃れられなくて
in order, not to detect random texts	意味のある文章の中から
it's short for boys' love.	ボーイズ ラブの略称です はッ はい
i just wish i knew what was wrong.	私はどうすれば 何がいけないのかしら
farrell is still alive.	ファレルはまだ生きてます。
the victim banged her own head into the ground, and fists and heels.	拳とかかとも
gives way to darker and darker blue.	どんどん深く濃くなり
no one told me.	そんな話は
just smell the grass, the dirt. just like i dreamed they'd be.	この草や土の匂い 私が夢見ていたとおりよ
over the past five years, there have been times	この五年間に、私は幾度も
i wanted to keep her in the country.	彼女には国に居て欲しかった
i didn't have a phone number to call to say i was coming.	連絡を取りようにも 電話番号を知らなかったし
i can not do anything all by one.	わたし1人じゃ何もできません。
a procurer.	ポン引きだ
however, the room has a capacity of two.	だけど 部屋の定員は2人までだ。
and you know things now	あなたを引っ張ります
get some rest?	休まないと
but if one simple word can change your whole world	一つの言葉で 君の世界を変えられたら
you want to find madison?	マディソンを見つけたいでしょ?
even if they're trash, once they're born	どんなクズだって 生まれて来たからには
i'd walked down to say hi to you about an hour ago, and you weren't there.	1時間程前に 伝える為 下に降りたのよ いなかったじゃない
when he's asked a difficult question to answer?	よく 目が左右に小刻みに動くのを 見たことがありませんか?
i can't remember seeing the crime scene before i saw myself killing her.	現場に着いた事を 覚えてない
we, as the bank, can do bigger business.	ウチとしても より大きな取引ができる
is the brutality that so many people	世界中で多くの人々が
what is that?	あれがクロオビってやつか
listen! from now on, i'm going to give it my all.	いい? これからは 姉ちゃん 今まで以上に頑張るからね
the surgeon was on call and scrubbed in.	外科医は待機して洗浄を済ませ入室しました
and the amazon river and floodplain	アマゾン川と氾濫原が
yeah, from the freelancers?	フリーランサーさ
they own half a billion people.	5億の人々を取り込んでいます
i'll do it	自分で言ったらどうだ
doesn't need any help!	手助けは必要ない。
where are you, charlie?	どこにいる チャーリー?
who was in cambridge, that his father was now working on dna.	彼の父親がDNAの研究をしているという噂をはじめました
really working on some of these challenges in lowincome countries	低所得国の困難をなんとかしようとしている人が
no, that looked good, it was about two thirds of you.	冗談です 全体の3分の2ぐらいでしたね
keep his mouth shut.	黙らせないとな
please, jo. don't go in there!	そこに入らないでくれ
a moment, sir?	少しいいですか、サー?
this is a world that has ended.	ここは終わってしまった世界
the kids who are going to fight	子どもたちは 明日のため モンスタースープと
and at some point all of us need to go out into the world	私達は誰しも ある時に 新しい発見と探検の為に
i saw him brody.	「ブロディが居るのを見た」
i guess i should thank you.	お下げいたします ありがとう
the door's jammed.	引っ掛かった
that hair.	その髪よ
and he comes close to convulsing himself	彼自身凧を通じて感電し すんでのところでけいれんを起こしそうになりました
i can do the same for you.	君のために同じことが出来る
read a little hamlet today.	今日は ハムレットを 少し読む
your man died. i heard.	君の部下は死んだらしいな
i don't want to say phil ruined christmas	フィルがクリスマスを
i don't have hours.	時間がないんだ
i only heard the man's name mentioned in passing.	名前を聞いただけなので
they thought i was going to talk before i died?	残念だったな
was not only the essential nature of golf	ゴルフの本質についてだけではなく
there im coming; she sees me.	ほら こちらを見ています
do you really want to interrupt the captain for that?	こんなことで船長の邪魔をしたいのか?
it's takachin, sister.	タカチンです 姉上。
what they think is in their own best interest.	一貫してやろうとするのです
i actually thought it was the last time we'd have to fight someone.	あれが最後の戦いだって思ってたよ
say they have aboveaverage social skills.	社交性に優れていると思っています
and worked really hard yesterday to fix it.	昨日の問題を処理できました
you're the guy who won the lottery...	あなた 宝くじに当たった人ね
stop it! this is not what you promised!	よせ! 約束が違うじゃないか。
onbeat over a simultaneous surgery..	同時手術の上に オンビートなんて。
ooh, an attack power of 3000!	おお 攻撃力3000!
we can work this out.	丸く収めよう
save a seat for me in the dhampir section, you dork.	私の席取っといてよ バカ
in that greenhouse.	この温室に
would you please tell us some more details? please, go ahead that way. please.	もう少し詳しくお話伺えますか? どうぞ どうぞあちらへ。 どうぞ。
and chester carlson, the inventor	これを発明したチェスター・カールソン氏は
these people do not fuck around.	ばかなことはしてないんだ 私があなたに...
and each one of these stars represents a population	そしてこれらの星印一つ一つは
contingencies.	保険だ
i'm going over to mr. okiura's place.	私 沖浦さんの所へ行ってきます。
who was that?	遅かったな
are pushing the story in a particular way.	ある方向に押し進めているのです
are not ionizing radiation	X線や陽子ビームのような
battle!	えっ!? バトルだ!
shit! that sword...	キサマ その刀!
it's not you i'm angry with.	あなたに怒ったんじゃない
a frightful beam bringing disaster is approaching earth.	恐るべき災いの光が 地球へと迫りつつあった>
remember us he said to me.	我々を覚えていてほしい この言葉を私に言った
i'm out of here. hey!	私は抜ける
antinomy!	大丈夫か? アンチノミー!
and i think we'	まず この質問から始めましょう:
now, get out there!	さっさと行くの!
and then kill us anyway.	そしてオレたちも殺すさ
it is an auction number	オークション番号だよ。
our guy wins, it's a coup.	我々なら クーデターだという・・・
what? that's a difficult question?	今のは難しい質問ですか?
human groups may look like hives for brief moments	人間の集団は僅かな瞬間に群れのように見えるかもしれませんが、
that's an important fact, because it tells us	これは重要な事実です
rogue ninja's past	この 3年間...。
are you okay? you haven't drunk much though.	大丈夫? 相当 飲んでるけど。
so, the needle... pierces the middle of the eye... pushing the dimmed lens to the back of the eyeball.	そして針を... 目の中央に突き通し... 灰色のレンズを眼球の 後ろの方に押す
it's a new experience.	初めての経験です
no way! it's that girl!! no way! she wants to meet me? on a date?	まさか... あれだけの数のスタンドを➡
we'll see crops as they grow in all the fields	毎日 世界中のあらゆる農場で
back door was point of exit. front door was deadbolted.	逃げたのは 裏のドアからです 表のドアは 錠が締まってる
i'll be quick, just be like, yo, where are you?	どの辺りにいるか 確認したい
the initial death toll will shake world governments to their core.	最初の死者数は 中心部の世界政府を揺るがす
this intelligent dissection of the immune system.	免疫システムの知性あふれる分析を読んでいて
and having made your choice	プロバイダを 選んだら
my trees!	みんな燃えてしまう
fuck him up, man!	やっちまえ!
i look like freakin' wolverine.	ウルヴァリンみたいだ
oh yeah? where is it?	そう、どこで?
and it's still happening.	まだ解決してないけど
he's a totally awesome guy.	本当にすごい人物です
did you find the place okay?	迷わなかった?
all righ this is all very romantic,but let me be clear about this,okay?	とっても情熱的だけど、 ハッキリさせちゃっていいかい?
it's going to... it's going to take me a little while to come up with the money.	金が用意できたら 連絡する
it's burned badly.	ひどく燃えているので
the gardener was around stephanie's age.	庭師はステファニーと 年が近い
ah, could you tell	あっ そうだ。 お父さんにさ
to not die. do whatever it takes to live.	バカ野郎! あきらめんな。 きっとまた再放送するさ!
very sexy.	とてもセクシーだ
so back to homer.	では再びホーマーさん
i'm not a big francophile.	フランスかぶれじゃ ないんだ
crescent	クレッセント...
shows the swelling of tissues and the lack of any type of circulation.	...この腫れは組織が 正常に循環していない
what should i do, mona....?	どうしよう モナ...。
uh, yeah.	見てこよう
i'm not saying they're all dead.	全員死んだとは言ってないわ
you don't get your hands dirty.	自分の手は汚すな
sinners!	罪人よ!
and why would you say that?	何で そんなこと言うんだ?
return to castle.	どういう事です?
okay, this is really stupid.	そうよ 私 バカだったわ
your family is fine.	家族は大丈夫だ
obviously he's a narc or a snitch.	奴は 麻薬取締捜査官か 密告者だって ことさ
oh, that.	春香ぁ~~
the association doesn't like loose ends.	連合は いい加減なケリのつけ方は 好きじゃない
it's really early for them to come out of hibernation.	冬眠から目覚めるの はやいですね 知らねえよ そんなこと
when they're designing buildings. here's a case in point.	設計しているようです こちらが良い例です
what's the matter with you?	何なんだ・・・
no, you're fooling me. go away!	うそよ 帰って!
i didn't do anything.	本当に誤解だ 私は何もしなかった
i was with sam in the ocean... saving him from the waves.	サムと一緒に海に入ってたときのことだ 波にもまれてる彼を助けたんだ
these goddamn kids.	クソガキですよ
that will not do, lord disward.	ロード·ディスワード
it's okay.	何時にここへ? - 5時よ
there's an elevator there. he went down six floors.	そっちにはエレベーターがあって...
we searched according to koyanagis testimony but	小柳の供述どおり 捜索したんですけど
your body isn't yours alone.	《芹菜一人の体じゃないんだから》
no, i don't.	いや 何も
no more time...	♪ no more time... ♪
it's murder, isn't it? kashiwagisan? kashiwagi kanaesan.	≪殺人だよ≫ 柏木さん?柏木香苗さん。
you are now the property of the orion syndicate!	お前は今からオリオン連合の所有物だ
so for a while, i attempted to be known as sean holmes.	それで しばらくの間 ショーン・ホームズと 名乗るようにしてた
you want to write it down, don't you?	メモしなきゃならんだろ?
warren.	ウォーレーーーン
we'll set a few rules and we'll stick to them.	いくつかルールを決めて それを守る と
don't you think this is perfect?	ちょうどいいと思わないか
come on. you don't have a choice.	落ち着いて こうするしか無いんだ
now, all right? i'm on board.	俺も手伝うけど―
all this money, and they're still unhappy.	やつらは満足してないだろう
chad bryson's freedom.	チャド・ブライソンの自由
lieutenant daniels?	ダニエルズ警部補?
jack... it was good to see you today.	ジャック・・・ 今日会えて良かった
i believe in abignation, it's my right!	早く! 私は「無欲」のリーダーです! これは私の信条です!
and the plot to incriminate comrade mundt was set in motion.	そこで 同志ムントを 陥れる計画を練った
where there have been prohibitions against technology	テクノロジーがあったかを探して
in a causal sense.	因果的に
i don't get it.	訳 分かんない。
and i, and silence, some strange race	私と沈黙はここでは
just so...	ただこう...
are what happens when a primordial mixture of hydrogen and helium	水素とヘリウムの原始混合物が
hang on to me.	つかまって
without dirtying their own hands	ホンボシは巧みに操り
let me know ifyou change your mind	気が変わったら言え
that i had heard the word teach ourselves said so casually.	「独学」なんて言われたのは 初めてでした
and, as the years passed, my brother was always there for me.	(成長しても 兄はずっと 側にいてくれた)
i should be coming with you to boston.	デカいなぁ
i wonder if that's true...	いいか 俺は隠遁使いだって 言っただろうが。
i was watching you watching?	あなた達を監視していたのです 監視?
understood, sir.	了解。
it's not like that	是 对 对不起
i was, but i guess i came home.	謝りに来たのに 喧嘩して
it was zone.	それがゾーンだった。
they ruin us and when they are finished with us they toss us to the dogs like scraps.	女を食べ尽くし 一緒の時間が終わってしまえば 犬へ残飯をやるように放り出す
now by 2010, as well	さらに 2010年までに
if you can't stay at the hospital	主任が おとなしく 病院にいられないんだったら
to come to perform here	ここでやるために
the truth is that we have already exhausted	実際には入手が容易な化石燃料の大半を
what is your target?	なん
this barbarian dropped the phone to you ...	この"野蛮人"がその電話をお前たちに 落としてやったんだぞ...
smaller pieces here. does everyone see that? which	それよりも小さなピースに入っています 分かる方は?
on your feet, dr gideon, or we will restrain you.	立つんだ ギデオン博士 拘束するぞ
i mean, it's probably best.	それがたぶん最善だと思う
we are afraid that crash may have caused the spread of an infectious virus... through this area.	ウイルスが広がった可能性が
franklin.	名は?
where did he hide?	どこに隠れた?
no trouble at all. it's served raw.	問題ありません 生でお召しあがり頂けます
delfino's chicago, bornandbred.	デルフィーノは 生まれも育ちもシカゴで
they don't have yawn contagion.	あくびが 移らなかったりします
the note you left?	兄貴が書いたメッセージさ
what's going on in that head of yours, tobey?	頭は大丈夫か、トビー?
your honor, mr. haller is just muddying the waters with outrageous statements.	裁判長、ハラー氏は途方も無い話で 真相をぼやかしているだけです
this must be such a crystal disk.	クリスタルディスクっつうのは これかね?
after the flood	洪水で子供が死んだ後
it's already been a month.	もう 1カ月だ。 [tel]もう 1カ月だ。
uhm... what are you doing?	お 興味津々かい
i wonder who else heard that broadcast.	みんな懸賞金狙いだ
to fit these hearing aids.	このような補聴器の調整はできません
we had an argument a long time ago.	昔 ちょっと揉めてな。
i'm... grandpa fujita's granddaughter...	ドクの孫娘 大徳淳和がね
let's go.	もう やめにしようぜ。
well, you heard that too.	う~ん...。
what do you mean?	それぐらい知らずに 聞いていると?
the police will make it safe?	警察を信じているの?
that's your play?	それがあんた達のやり方?
and weird. real techsavvy.	テクノロジーに精通してる
daniel barr had no prior arrests?	:FBI ダニエルに前科は? ない ボーイスカウトだ
: stay here.	ここに居て
and just for the record, i never had jock itch.	一言 言おう 俺はジャケットなど着てないぞ
trying to save the world, stop everyone from hurting themselves or committing suicide.	目殺志顧者を 説得しようってl丶う
and here, the first thing you can see	まず あなたが見て取れるのは
camping by this boer graveyard for months at a time.	一回に何か月も滞在し ペルム紀絶滅を研究しました
everything.	すべてを...
but i'm scared.	ウエ~ン! お父さ~ん 怖いよ~!
it was such a hit	すごいヒット商品となった
that seems odd, because you're very attractive, smart...	君は魅了的で 賢いのに それは変だ. .
there's a group right now in china called yeeyan.	中国に、Yeeyanというグループがあります。
the deal was to get you to the church.	約束は教会まで
what will you do now?	弧天斬盾! 私は拒絶する!!
i'll see you downstairs in a minute, okay?	先に下に行ってて
he went to university in kochi city	あいつ 高知市の大学 行ったがやけど
it's not true	それはちがう
well, that's how it is, isn't it?	いかないと まあ そうなりますよね
i'm sorry, i need to ask.	申し訳ないが、聞きます
didn't you want a secure life?	安定した生活が 欲しかったんやろ?
dr. bishop.	ウォルター・ビショップ よろしく
someone is 30 meters away.	30m先から誰か来る。
oh, you're not?	えッ? あれ 違うんですか?
i've got to tell you something.	伝えたいことが
that was quick.	はええよ
number five. and be distinctive.	原則5 特徴的であること
now there's a train wreck of a soul.	今なら魂の列車事故ね
all right. let's get to the weather.	分かったよ では 天気はと
shall we put it to a vote?	投票で決めましょうか?
bressman's one of them, i guarantee it, 1000 percent.	ブレスマンは奴等の仲間だ 間違いない
and we detonate, with minimal fallout risk to the city.	市民への影響を考え 最小限の物を使う
that's right! the card everyone hopes on...	そうだ みんなのつないだカード
in 1997, this building opened.	1997年 この建物がオープンしました
your family's important too.	あなたの家族も重要よ
we looked at each other with these looks	こんな格好でお互いを見やって
grizzly heart.	"グリズリーの心臓"
what should i do today?	草薙先輩 今日 何してるのかな~?
telling them that they'll get more out of life, and more out of harvard	スローダウンして 一つ一つのことを
if you're in china, you might use a rice husk	例えば中国なら米のもみ殻や
when you carry this axe, you carry all of us with you.	お前が斧を持つ時 我々はお前と共にある
give me a break.	勘弁しろ
so what do you think future john would do right now?	未来のジョンなら 今どうしてると思う?
do you like this guy? you jealous?	あの男が好きなの? - 妬いてるの?
looking for the bacteria that would convince corals to settle and attach.	サンゴに定着するよう促す バクテリアを探し出そうとしました
come on, it's okay, reichan.	いいじゃないか レイちゃん
sometimes stepping back is part of the job.	時々戻ってステップ実行すると、ジョブの一部です。
listening to the world go on around you	世の中の推移を聞くのだ
that's bad!	それはまずい
the sea and the surface...	会不会和陆地上下温雪的事有关呢
their department head satou is hard to please	あそこの佐藤部長は 気難しいところがあるから
that doesn't seem to fit with martyrdom, does it?	とても殉教者とは思えん
and the wait... it's like waiting for your death sentence...	そして 死刑執行を待つような この待ち時間。
rukia was looking for a single house.	ルキアは 1人 邸内を捜していた。
enough!	いいかげんにしろ!
now you you give me a chance to get up there and see him.	会わせてくれ
you should take them now.	すぐ飲んで
well, obviously.	明らかだね
my mother developed the technology.	magiがその第1号らしいわ。 母さんが開発した、技術なのよ。
hey, that's	それは言えてる
okay, i'll, uh, throw in another couple billion, all right?	わかった もっと金をやる - 私はお金が好きです
i don't accept that person as a donor.	あんな人 ドナーだなんて 認めてないし。
your book idea, michel would jump on it and pay good money.	あの企画はミシェルも気に入ってた
there's someone behind the door.	ドアの後ろに・・・
there are several scenarios for the future newspaper.	新聞の将来についていくつかのシナリオが考えられます
i'm doing a little shopping	ちょっと 買い物
are you alright? yes, i'm sorry that's my habit.	大丈夫? ええ ちょっと癖がありまして。
mathematical models tell us exactly when and why this is possible.	数学的モデルは それが正確にどんなとき
i don't think that's why.	そんなんじゃないと思う。
that's okay.	それを 最近のヤツは➡
she's already got 500,000 hits.	50万回も 再生されてる
carolyn givins.	キャロライン・ギビンス
is that true?	真是个奇怪的孩子
why head down the black pad	ブラック・パッド
lovely to meet you... in the 30 seconds before you're discovered and killed. quick, hide.	見つかって殺される30秒前に 会えて良かったわ
have you heard? about the drowned man?	溺れた男のこと聞いた?
a modified boudin noir from ali bab's gastronomie practique.	フランス料理に 手を加えた物だ
then why are you here?	ならなぜここに?
going to do with the space during the day	2時半前にも使うとしたら
a good actress, a name is something	あのね 名前なんてものはね いい女優さんになったら
it'll be safe here.	盗まれねえよ
she's hurting, man. she's with me, owen.	お前には関係ない、オーウェン
but if i don't do that	でも、私がそれをしなければ...
that something's happening there.	皆が感じているからだと思います
and i do mean sweat.	釣りで 汗をかくか
uh. today i'm pretty busy.	「え? 本日は 大変お忙しいなか」
even now it's a miracle that you're unconscious, but we are able to communicate.	[tv]今だって こうして ホントなら 意識のない お前と
i'm afraid we're about to lose another kennedy.	ケネディの二の前に ならんといいが
i think you're having a heart attack.	心臓発作なのか
no! absolutely not!	嗯 绝对完美安全
it's so good to see you, man.	君に会うのは楽しい
you know, it leaves me no choice but to do things that hurt you.	何しても 君を傷つけてしまう
is still the number one threat.	最大の脅威である ということを 理解していません
and what's exciting is that with this openness	さらに素晴らしいことに この公開によって
i know, i know. i understand.	わかってるよ
that we spotted down on glass.	ヒトゲノムの特定の断片なんです
you know, before the dust clears	爆煙が収まるよりも早く
what would economies look like	もし我々が
matsui yokosan, a woman who lives near the victim	被害者の近所に住む 松井洋子さんという女性が
had a what?	何?
we engineered a virus to pick up carbon nanotubes.	ウイルスを改良して 一部分でカーボンナノチューブを
just like that moon.	あの月のように
well, the text was definitive, but we haven't found a body yet.	難しいけど 遺体が見つかってない
they understand what he is.	氷なし - 分かりました
it felt like i was back in that hallway.	あの廊下に もどった感じ...
the clay is cracking.	土にヒビがあるから
his child became the victim in a crime.	≪n子供が事件の被害者になり➡
and last but not least	そして最後になりましたが
are you police?	警察なの?
what does he know?	彼にする事を 理解しているのか?
do you still hate me that much?	まだそんなに私のことを恨んでるんですか
she was surprised however she said, i understand. leave it up to me to tell dad and mom.	おねえちゃんから話しておくから 任せておきな」って。
i met your first girlfriend.	あなたの元カノに会ったわ
and i'm interested in the impact of their absence and presence through time.	これら絵画の不在と存在が与える影響にも関心があります
however, the bomb was also meant to conceal the murder of just one man.	しかし その裏ではある男が 暗殺されていたのだ
sorry, sir.	申し訳ございません
what? yes git out the guitar	えッ? はい ギター出して
these are the candidates for the cooking competition.	料理コンクールの 栄えある優勝候補者達や。
i ever tell you how i found this place?	この場所を見つけた いきさつを教えたっけ?
it's not the first time the f.b.i. have gotten it wrong.	FBIがまたヘマをと
kai, jun, frau bow, and subaru.	フラウ坊もジュンも聞いて
and thank you for coming alone.	一人で来てくれて感謝する
my back hurts...	《背中が痛え...》
but there won't be any job in such a rural area.	つうか 田舎じゃ仕事なんてねえか。
better lock your door	鍵をかけるべき。
i don't crack up. pick a place like this where any cop could see you.	「おもしろくないよ」 「だったら、もっと、...」
so we don't get stuck with bad rules	私達は悪いルールの罠に陥ることなく
the night shift time cards	夜勤のタイムカードを
well desperately.	まあ 必死に。
konachan, you're amazing! you can sing anything!	何でも歌えるんだね
i have no idea what you just said.	全然わからない
and after watching that	ビデオを見た後 研究室に
just get your ass back here now.	いいから戻って 話させて...
then could you speak about the cause of his death?	ご主人の死因を話してもらえますか?
never trust a man with a small prick.	小さいペニスの男を決して信用するな
don't sound so shocked. people kill for a lot worse reasons than revenge.	もっと酷い理由で 殺人を犯す人もいるわ
linc, uh... i appreciate everything you've done...	リンク、手伝いたいが、...
and all the time i was growing up	子どもの頃は ずっと
much more directly related to us	実際には 私たちが本当には理解していない多くの事よりも
children will not need to live alone everyday!	子供たちは 1人でご飯を食べずに 済むんです!
no wonder it has a nice smell	≪道理で香りが いいはずやわ≫
as if unfastening the knot in her heart, michiru shared her life story, her talk lasted until dawn.	誰か ついでよ。 手酌する女は 行き遅れるの。
one, two, three, pull!	1 . . 2 .
and that's when he was embarrassed in front of the public.	凶器のトロフィーが 手前に置かれていた...》
you never know what it may do.	どんな動きをするか 分かりませんよ
they haven't caught jack the ripper yet. you didn't know that?	切り裂きジャックは まだ捕まってないだろ?
you were raised here under this roof.	お前はここで育った
what?	今何してる
luca will drive you back to wherever he picked you up.	ルカが適当な場所まで送る
but may know something about something else	私たちが取り組む問題に
we're ready for you.	準備できたわ
are there times when it flashes pink?	ピンク色になったことは あるんですか。
nasu ... ... yes suspicious region	那个...有什么可疑的地方吗
guard! please help me...	助けてください 看守!
i had this friend, eddie	エディっていう 友達がいて
he left when i was 8 and never seen him since.	私が8才の時に居なくなり それ以来顔を見ていない
i will not do until i suffer	苦しんでまでやるもんじゃない
finch has him tied up with something. [gunshots] only one of us are gonna get out of this.	フィンチは何かと提携してるみたい ここから抜け出すんだ
in things like this, mental images are important. mental images!	こういうのはイメージが大事なのだよ、イメージが
thank you, god.	感謝します、神様。
i will punish them with any arms at my disposal.	私はどんな手を使っても奴らを罰する
and after rendering all of the audio, this is what we get.	音声を全て表示すると こうなります
c2c is kinda gross 'cause you have to look right at them.	ビデオってキモいよね 見つめないとダメだし
so...	だから 我々は
i can afford it.	これくらいは大丈夫
from the millionpound security system at the bank to the pin machine you took exception to.	銀行の保安システムから 君の嫌いなカードの機械まで
all right, listen up, y'all got 15 minutes to go out there and steal me something.	おい 聞くんだ 15分やる 何か盗んでこい
and you can just imagine them.	子どもたちの様子が 目に浮かぶでしょう
[il ho group holding company]	[ イルホグループ 持ち株会社 イルホ物産の再編は... ]
that guy, he's...	はぁ? 何言ってんだ? こいつ。
buddy.	なぁ
this is my lab.	私のラボだ
along with 82 of his madrasi classmates.	マドラサの級友82名と
is it because of that?!	お屋敷は 広いですから。
he was on my hip everywhere with me.	至る所で 私といた
fourth, we only execute 20 milliseconds' worth of that strategy.	そして その計画を 20ミリ秒間だけ実行します
dhs is prepared to fly into the face of this thing, or to bury it.	保障省はこの件に 立ち向かうのでなければ 闇に葬り去るだけだよ
if i had a stool sample.	もし便のサンプルがあれば
you know that.	分かってるだろ
i believe it's the senator.	議員だと思う
you claim that you saw these men together?	2人を見たのは 6月19日でしたね?
i so did not fucking need this.	それでどうすれば?
basically, steal them from other languages.	他の言語から盗ってくるんです
let me see that.	これは悪夢だ!
but i ate it.	だけど 食べちゃった
what? even if i wanted to	言っても信じないさ
you might not know this, so i consider it only fair to inform you that you're protecting a suspected murderer.	君たちは知らないかもしれないから言うが 君たちが守っているのは 殺人容疑者だ 君たちが彼を守り続けるなら 警察が到着する頃には
you, you're honest to goodness.	あなた あなたは誠意がある
well	順調ですな
if danda never came to investigate the company	あの会社に 段田さんが 調査に来てくれなければ➡
i knew it was him. i saw your picture in that paper	あの男が仕組んだことのなのね。 あなたの写真が載ったあの新聞を見た、
the other one is a professional criminal, escaped prison twice, spent half his life on the run avoiding folks like you.	もう1人は犯罪のプロで 2回脱獄しており 生まれながらの犯罪者です
days of being stepped on and days of my misery being ignored...	坚信着昔日的誓言
don't destroy your image. you understand?	イメージを崩さないで。 分かったわね?
if the professor sawchickens among pines and said nothing	先生が 「松樹番鶏図」を見て 何も言わなければ
this one's deadly.	死ぬわよ
central tanegashima high school robotics research club.	[マイク]おおっと! 中央種子島高校も
they're all dead!	みんな死んだわ!
michael persinger's god helmet	マイケル・パーシンジャーの神のヘルメットは
they would have raped her 50 times and cut your fucking heads off.	離して 50回レイプした後に首を切られても 良かったのか!
special delivery letter.	今度はなんです?
is the debut of this new technology	新しい技術のデビュー作品です
but even if there is no signal	たとえ信号がなくても
listen, mr. fabulous.	聞け 新参者
nagamine just got married.	朝から きのこ狩りは 元ロッカーの することじゃないでしょ。
what you've felt	お前が感じてきたもの
so you don't get me. we're gonna report it... my parents and i.	分かってくれないんだ
i wanted gold!	金 を欲したのよ!
in both quantity and quality	これは量という点でも 質という点でも
you okay with that?	いいな?
carl, this is enid.	イーニッドだ
that's...	そ それは...
don't worry, i'll be gone, soon.	要らないよ すぐ消える
in this world.	この世界で
i'm sorry miss. we're looking for a friend. it's urgent.	友人を捜してる 急ぐんです
the assailant who attacked dongungjeon confessed	東宮殿を襲撃した刺客が自白したそうですが
she was not my child, but she was my charge.	私の子ではなかったが、 私の預かりものだった。
at about 30 gallons, we scaled it up	1700 リットル用に拡大して サンフランシスコに設置しました
we are edel rose.	私たちは エーデルローズ。
okay. there you are, you and your friends standing in a field that's...	ええ せんさくして 悪いんだけど
come on. let's make up.	さあ 仲直りしよう
this will be online in several days, probably next tuesday.	これは数日後の、恐らく次の火曜日にオンライン上で公開する予定です
how do you describe that?	どんなものか教えてもらえますか?
distance is now 8,000.	現在 各ブロックは寸断され
thanks for helping mom out.	ありがとう 母さんを助けてくれて
are you sure i can have this?	確かに うさぎちゃんなんかは
or a pet that can't stop walking into walls.	憧れる人がいるのと同じさ
that's why it's an ordeal for me to move.	だから 動くのが難儀で
i want to talk to you about an invention i brought with me today:	今日持ってきた発明について話しましょう:
nok? not answering?	いいの? 出なくて。
i special summon roaring express train rocket arrow!	爆走特急ロケットアローを 特殊召喚したターン
yeah, i want to sneer at that.	嘲笑ってやがるんだ。
were you waiting for that time?	その時を待っていたのか
which is really dangerous; that's how you drown.	これは危険なことです 溺れてしまいますからね
if a black feather was special summoned, using this card i can return one monster on my opponent's field back to his hand!	相手フィールド上のモンスター1体を
and may i say, sir, how much i'm looking forward to having a haddock back in charge of the estate.	言わせて頂きますが ハドック様がお戻りになるのを 心待ちにしていました
are not you serious? the mystery was solved.	おい マジなんだろ~な? 謎が解けたっていうのは。
i don't think you're going to kill me.	君は僕を殺せないよ
and then you took off without even saying goodbye.	なのに黙って出ていった
old people die, not the young.	年寄りはそうだけど若い人は死なないわ
good afternoon, sir, would the great wizard, jenkins, be at home?	太陽はすでに高く、 自宅でLSマスタージェンキンス?
oh. used to be there was only a market for nicelooking girls.	かわいい女の子の市場なら 前からある
those thieves...	泥棒の...
that we've ever been on.	最もエキサイティングな 知的冒険です
without them they wouldn't basically live	生き残る為の知恵ですが
why are you saying this?	何言ってんだよ えッ?
your son's is telling us that there's some... very dark magic surrounding him.	息子さんの命から 伝わってくるのは 非常に強い 闇の魔法があることだ
no way that i'm going there.	行ってたまるかよ。
i don't think a night at the harp's gonna save you.	誰がハープバーの事を言った?
what happened with katie?	何があったんです?
but the reason i'm showing you this	この写真をお見せした理由は
change your mind yet?	気が変わりましたか?
are you shigeharusensei's apprentices?	重春先生のお弟子さん方ですか。
mr. dodge can't come to the phone right now, sylvia.	今電話に出られないんだ シルヴィア
that was it. that's all he saw as the options. and not too far off.	これが彼の言葉です。そう外れてはいません
unbelievable!	悔しいーっ!
you can't. it's impossible.	君には出来ない それは不可能だ
and thereby repudiate that heritage.	伝統を拒否することです
and do terrible harm.	ひどい危害が及ぶこともあります
double 'cause he wants to keep you in the game, seth.	倍にしたのは君を勝たせたいためさ セス
don't worry though.	でも心配ない
what is it, takasusensei?	何ですか 鷹栖先生。
i'm going to stop him.	止めないと
good on you! you've tracked down some land.	よくやった お前ら地形を追跡してたんだな
it's actually a flight simulator.	本物のフライトシミュレータだよ
for decades, the prevalence estimates remained stable	何十年もの間 その推定有病率は 安定していました
you see	いいか
i lost both the kids in the divorce.	離婚して子供二人取られた
the moral, emotional	現実から逃れて
i was right about you.	君の事は僕が正しかった
and then the police?	☎それで 警察に
but why that day, huh?	でもどうしてその日に?
vitamin b12, yellow 5, carrageenen, antifreeze...	ビタミンb -12、イエローno. 5、
very wealthy.	金持ちだった
oh, i know him.	ほら どうだ?
when you're stressed out your stomach and intestines are affected.	胃や腸にくるっていうじゃないすか。
robbery.	強盗
whoever did this wanted to make sure	確かめたかったんだ
you'd motor, electrically, to a vertiport	数ブロックか、数マイル先の専用飛行場まで
his pattern is to target innocent civilians and inflict mass casualties.	彼のやり口は無実の人々に 多大な犠牲をもたらす
what is it? did chairman shin give you some bad news?	何ですか? 会長が悪いことでも?
disseminated zebra.	ゼブラをばらまいた。
what it looks like he's doing.	写真で見る限りでは
no more than usual.	いつもと同じ程度
hey, i'm frank. new york.	フランクだ nyから
we will talk later.	何だよ? それ。 話は 後だよ。
that all the disruptors, all the minority voices in this organization	常識破りの人達や少数派の意見を 残らず引き出し
immediately, we started reaching out to pediatricians	直ぐに私たちは市内の6病院そして
was he doing business with your nephew tuco?	トゥコの取引き相手では?
excuse me, but dorothy's under my jurisdiction as well, and i say she can listen to a spot of music if she likes.	悪いけ どドロシーは 私のスタッフよ 歌を聴きたきゃ 聴かせるわ
banishment	バニッシュメント・ディス・ワールド
so what you were getting was this:	つまり購入するのは
why is that?	どうしていないの?
brings back memories. this area hasn't changed at all.	懐かしい。 この辺 全然 変わってないな。
and said, i'm absolutely positive that's the man.	こう言いました 「この人で 絶対に間違いない」
yes, 250 mg aminophylline.	はい 生食100に アミノフィリン250mgって。
i suffered horribly.	すごく苦しんだ
long gestating plans have been percolating.	暖めていた計画が、あるんだ
i'm up next!	おら~! ズボン上げろ ボケ~!!
this is a video recorded in class a little while ago.	これが 先ほど 教室を録画した映像です
when i was young, all i think about was sex.	若い頃は 女とヤルことしか 考えなかった .. セックスだけ
gruesome twosome.	彼女に...
is that... hikarichan?	うん? あっ まあね。
and all the stuff that happened in the '60s with the hippies and everything	ヒッピーなどと共に 60年代に起こったすべてのことは
she saw them struggling.	道でもめてる二人の話をわざわざ 聞きに行ったおばちゃんなんですよ
defense of trost	—托洛斯特区攻防战8—
do you understand? june!	ジュン!
director director stable hard reinstatement ugh hard complete	部長這個人是堅強還是不堅強 我是完全搞不懂
thanks. greg thinks it's too girly.	グレッグは少女趣味だと
he didn't know that it was illegal to be a barker.	呼び込みが禁止だって 知らなかったみたいだしね。
you don't need to stay with me.	お前はここに残れ
the teacher is also welcome! ohh ... oh thanks.	先生も はいどうぞ! おっ... おう ありがとよ。
oh, be careful, partner.	気をつけるんだ 相棒
it shall be done.	牛奶流出来了哦
yes, in my first year.	被一个站在那儿的女性询问去车站的路
why are you lining together with such a person?	そんな人と 何で一緒に暮らしてんの?
what does the eye command?	遠見の玉はなんと?
i'll be right by your side.	君のそばに ずっといるから
get out of the way!	どいてろ
i have to help him.	助けに行かないと
you're sure?	本当か? - 大丈夫だ.
i was her right hand.	私は彼女の補佐でした
jim... what is this?	ジム・・・ どういう事?
something ... i guess that you saw that person.	なんか... アタシ あの人 見たことあるような...。
that is amazing, beca.	Beca、それは驚くべきものです。
and so she went to one of the girls, and said	そこで生徒の一人に 「facebookの
there's no other way than to sell.	売るしか他に方法がないのよ
search daejung bio and alexon bio now.	さあ いいわ! 今すぐに デジョンバイオとアレクソン・バイオテックを調べて
first class is in the music room, don't be late.	はい じゃあ1時間目は 音楽室だから すぐに移動してね
i think this affirms	これは外交官によって長い間 知られてきたことを
i was thinking of calling the command and trying to get you home.	イラクを覚えてるか?
it's more of a catastrophe, and react	今から準備するのではなく
so, perspective is everything	発想の視点が全てです
this have a raw egg in it?	アルコールは菌を殺す
your boys have any luck finding him?	犯人は見つかった?
and it's not that easy to win a game against pros, you know.	プロの試合なんて すぐ 優勝できるほど 甘くないですよ。
now in the financial savings world	さて金融貯蓄の世界はと言うと
did i see that you wanted to be shot out of a cannon?	大砲に撃たれたいって 書いてたように見えたけど
do you read me?	! - 聞こえる?
from the moment i saw him.	見た瞬間から気に入らなかった
a hope chest?	形見?
no! i didn't forget anything, man. i just used that towel, i paid her, and i left.	何も忘れていない タオルを使用しただけだ 金を払って出て行った
he will. it'll be okay.	《すぐに見えます。 大丈夫ですから》
how long till you can shut her down?	エンジン停止まで?
may not crazy,maybe that's the wrong word.	おかしくないだろうし そう言うのも間違ってる
it's infected. go figure. yeah, uh...	これは感染してる ええ ええと...
open it!	開けろ!
they're everywhere.	どこにでもあるだろ
they butcher my men like they were flies!	やつらは我が兵をハエを潰すように 虐殺しているんだぞ!
i would just hate if i slipped up and put a hole on one of these vehicles.	手が滑って 車に穴を開けるかも
what is with this duel...?	いいんだよ。 これが 俺のデュエルなんだ。
i'll see to it the plane is ready in the morning.	朝までに飛行機を手配しとくわ
you know, he's nothing like as slowwitted as you'd been leading me to believe, sherly.	頭の回転は鈍くないじゃないか 話と違うな シャーリィ
we never find anything good.	今まででの発見で一番
this is research that's highrisk, sometimes highcost.	これはハイリスクで 時にはハイコストな研究です
i mean, i've got the symptoms.	症状は出ています
the president is accountable to voters.	大統領は有権者に説明責任を負います
i've seen a couple of sea birds.	海鳥が少しずつ見えてきた 已經看見了幾隻海鳥
do you come in peace?	仲良くするか?
i wanted you to... learn to trust your own instincts.	自分の直感を信じることを
and where do you imagine us?	どこにいる?
i thought this was...	これが・・・
regarding the shortage of local doctors.	そこも かなり厳しいようなんだ。
from the dew grew a tree and the clock struck three.	露から木になった そして、時計は3時を告げた
i'll head over soon.	俺もすぐに向かう
he wasn't interested in that girl.	そういう面には関心がない
that's not it.	付いて消えない予感
that's all you need to know for now.	それ以上は 知る必要がない
what? why do we need my laptop?	何で?
i remember. i was running away.	思い出したよ。 俺 逃げてきた。
that basically if you spend all this energy trying to solve the co2 problem	つまり 彼は co2の問題にすべての資源をつぎ込んでしまえば
well, she thinks that this has something to do with the ghost killer.	ゴースト殺人と 関係があるそうだ
i saw the book.	本を見たよ
you need to have a thicker skin, iowa.	面の皮を鍛えてね アイオワちゃん
cathy, get security up here now!	こいつらも
what a wonderful world.	"♪ この世界は素晴らしい ♪"
turn around.	むこうを向いて
and then i saw you.	そして... あんたを見たんで
saying something like this... i was worried ...	そんな言い方... ひとが せっかく...。
still papa is a part of rocket engine	それでも パパはロケットエンジンの部品
that's forensics's job, isn't it?	それは 鑑識の仕事ですよね。
gilbert?	ギルバート?
but the reason i'm telling you this is that	私がこれを話すのは
about feynman the physicist.	ファインマンについて少しお話しさせてください
how did you know you wouldn't kill him?	どうして彼を殺さない方法が分かった?
he became kenya's first openly gay political candidate.	彼はケニアで初めて ゲイを公表した 議員立候補者となりました
ok, i'll ask.	考える
the military surgeon who performed procedures on her.	彼女の処置を行った 軍の外科医よ
stop playing games.	遊びは終わりだ
in different families. these are pictures of maezza	これがその時の写真です
for a bit.	ちょっとね
you mind if i take a look at this one?	これをちょっと見たら気にするか?
this is a beautiful, new device	これは 良く出来た新しいデバイスで
it isn't some cultic thing. (laughter)	カルトの儀式じゃ ありませんから(笑)
if we had questioned here more severely, we might have exposed the flaws in her statements.	もっと厳しく追及すればnボロ出したかもしれないんです
they're just objects.	那些只是物体而已
have you seen him?	会ってるの?
on lot 426?	ロット426か?
pull over!	寄せろ!
write to me all the time	お便りが舞い込んできます
everything that lives will be sacrificed to the new world.	今を生きる者たちが犠牲になる
we can cook outside.	あっ そうか。 外で調理すればいいんだ。
i'm sure you already see	ねえ 君にも見えるだろう きっと
okay.	分かったよ やろう
but this proves it! it catches human thought waves, too!	でも これホンマやで。 絶対人間の脳波もキャッチしとるわ。
are you a judgment person?	あなたでしょ 応援の人って
what do you want from me?	おれにどうして欲しい?
are you possibly pointing that finger at me?	その指は まさか 俺を指してるのか?
my name is casper.	「ぼくはキャスパー」
fbi raided a safe house in pittsburgh last night. mia was captured.	昨夜、fbiがピッツバーグの 隠れ家を急襲し...
the quality and type of editor varies widely.	也希望廣播劇能品質上乘
they think i'm a terrorist. this is our only play.	彼らは俺がテロリストだと思っている これが私一人でやらねば
he was the only human who had ever... successfully been combined with alien genetics and remained alive.	彼はエイリアンの 遺伝子と― 融合し 生き残った 唯一の人類だが―
it brings us that much closer	選択がもつ可能性に
can i ask you a question?	一つ訊いていい?
natsukosan is very responsible; always carrying her burdens by herself.	あんないいお手本が すぐ そばにいるのに➡
please. give me a break.	勘弁してくれ
handled the overseas business.	海外ビジネスのだ
that may not be shared as commonly	これらの二卵性双生児には
i want to see you still waking up	覚めたままでもまだ会いたい
so many countries these days.	国の数が多くなってるよなぁ
wasn't that assuming a bit too much?	それって 少し 都合よく 考えすぎじゃない?
i'm just exactly... where i wanna be.	ホントに・・・ ここはどこだ?
you have the kindly look of a saint	仏みたいな優しい顔してるけど
a tailed beast weapon?!	この里を潰した数十倍の力をもつ 尾獣兵器を作る。
were actually pretty strong	実際 安全性が高いこと
so, you didn't bring the child with you?	お子さんを連れて来れなかったんですか?
you end up isolated	孤立してしまうのは
so, for example, we could use truckers' purchases of fuel.	トラックの運転手による燃料購入を例にします
at present, the kimijima report's a.r. marker does not appear in iruo.	君島レポートのarマーカーは表示されません
come on. move.	さあ、急いで
that's how it's designed, he said. in other words...	そういう構造だそうです つまり...
sorry for running late.	ごめんね 遅くなって
let's begin with group performance.	最初にグループで
if you put dango on top of rice, it's dangodon.	ごはんの上に団子のせると 団子丼になるよ!
he hasn't filed a tax return in years.	何年も所得申告もしてない
you are here.	あなたはここにいるのよ
no, seriously.	本当に?
should we follow him? no.	追うか?
the milanese nightingale.	ミラノのナイチンゲールだ でも それだけじゃない
it's just what they call it.	なぜかそう呼んでるのよ
something like that? you ever get robbed?	そんな感じかな 盗まれたことある?
uh... you know, since this is a working dinner, so...	この夕食って仕事よね?
when i came to craig three months ago with this, he told me, and quite astutely, it's only a problem if you have a solution.	3ヵ月前 クレイグの元に来た時 彼はそれが唯一の問題だと話し 解決策が無いかと聞かれました
you also called her father i think.	あなたが父親に電話したのね
nancy, give me captain cardiff, please.	待ち時間を有効利用しよう
this is the socalled main gate to heijyokyu.	平城京といわゆるメーン・ゲートになります。
just make sure that everybody can stay as long as they want.	いいと言うまで全員がいること を確かめろ
(don't let him escape!	必ず捕まえろ!
i'm back.	― ただいま ― おかえり
or directly heard?	直接 話を聞いたのか?
what is your name, my lady?	お名前は? ご婦人
meredith reed.	メレディス・リード - そんな...
october. that's why there's pumpkins.	10月 カボチャのシーズンです
please! please.	お願い
you know we love you hachi. we want you to stay here with us.	Hati、あなたは我々があなたを愛しているということを知っています、そして、我々はあなたに我々の家に滞在して欲しいです。
i agree with erica.	私はトッドとエリカに同感
so, absent being able to anticipate the future	つまり 未来を予測できない以上
and, you know, every time he taught us	いつも私たちには
wise t3!	トラップ発動! ワイズt3。
although i have to tell you, addy will always find a way in.	言っておくわ アディはいつも ─ 入る方法を見つける
sally, you told ben that you took it from your father.	ベンには お父さんから 取ったと言ってますよ
daren sutter killed an innocent man.	ダレン・サターは 無実の男を殺した
actually, we found 100 percent is easier to do	しかしイケアでは100%は
crochet taxonomic tree of life.	かぎ針編みの系統樹を進化させています
i release both my tokens!	オレは 2体のトークンをリリース。
all right, let's do it.	全ての権利はそれを行うことができます。
i know we're in los angeles but for god's sake is everybody gay now?	ロスは多いって知ってたけど 一体全体みんなゲイなわけ?
even if this girl of yours did come here, we were all gone.	たとえこのコがここに来たとしても 俺たちは ここにはいなかったんだ
so that's why he turned himself in and took refuge in prison.	だから自分から自首をして 刑務所に逃げ込んだって事か。
it looks like bob dylan, but it's mahler.	ボブ・ディランに見えるけど マーラーです
when minami is better i'll take him up on that.	南ちゃんが治ったら その分 取り返します
close your eyes. whatever i give	「目をつぶって 私があげるものは
the dark passenger.	"The dark passenger(暗闇の使者)"
come on hachi.	了解、hati。
huh!? general pet !?	はぁ!? 将軍のペット!?
how was sawgrass?	フロリダは?
water isn't gonna find you just sitting there.	座ってても 水は見つからないぞ
oh, i'm not going to hell.	私は 地獄には行かないわ
inmate 74216 julian randol.	受刑者 74216 ジュリアン・ランドール
i was so naive then...	あの頃の俺は まだまだ可能性に...
bilateral aid budget going to africa per year.	300億ドル―対アフリカ二国間援助の 年間の総額を上回る金額です
hey, doctor, what should i do?	ねえ先生 私どうしたらいいの?
i found this in one of the cells.	こいつを見つけた 監房の中にひとつだけ
there's 40 of us. one of you.	俺達のうちの4人だ お前は1人
and therefore kids	ということは子供がいる
never.	絶対に
by releasing this card, it switches the attacked monster to attack mode!	自ら リリースされる効果を発動した ターンのエンドフェイズにおいて
what? why?	えっ 何で?
happy ted. it's so wonderful here. i love it. i love it. i love it.	素敵なTED ここに来れて最高です 大好きです
i'm dead?	俺は死んだ?
this is gordon.	これはゴードン
this is mark roth. he was funded by darpa.	マーク・ロスです 国防総省国防高等研究事業局 の
bye bye. bye bye, mom.	《バイバイ》 《ママ バイバイ》
how is mr. okiki?	折木さんはどうですか
it was supposed to be a surprise.	思いもかけないことだったわ
come on, ghost.	来い、ゴースト
years from now, children will be taught your name in school, and you'll be honored as the hero you've always longed to be, but never were.	これから 子供達は 学校で教わるだろう お前は 望んでも叶わなかった 英雄として 讃えられるのだ
this is for yuki! for the nationals!	これも 夕紀のため! 甲子園のため!
ma: you gotta have doorstops. that's important.	(アップルバウム)ドアストップ それが重要なんです
in order not to disturb my kids.	年を取ったら 子どもに迷惑をかけないように
how do you drink that?	よく飲めるわね
that object was the tet, jack.	その物体が・・・ テトよ
in that seven year period.	これがなくなれば
should we alert nato?	NATOへ知らせるべきか?
so, you're telling me to run towards the light?	結局 何だ 光の方へ走ってる?
there was a false alarm last... week.	誤報があったのは先週
kayanochan i havent head of this!	すいません。 急いで...。 マジかよ?
and you buried her in the backyard.	そして庭に埋めた
relax. i'm one of the good guys.	まあ 落ち着いて 私は味方だよ
what are you talking about now?	何の話だ?
ii have to tell her.	彼女に 伝えないと・・・
he's just someone i knew from mahjong and drank with.	小栗とはジャン荘で知り合って 何度か飲んだだけだ。
i suppose it's possible because the container is still alive.	可能不小心進了墳墓也不會有人發現
it's been scheduled for months.	数ヶ月前から 決まっている
the ecstasy of steel and flesh... death and life... of rage... and sweat of muscle... of pure joy... and deepest sorrow.	悦楽... 鋼の、肉体の 死 そして...
she's the person in charge here.	うちの責任者ですけど。 そう。 やっぱり。
where are you?	あれ?非常口は?どこよここ?
i was talking to his acquaintances trying to get a fix on his whereabouts.	義兄の知り合いに 聞き込みをしました
copy that. we're on our way to the lockdown now.	了解、避難室へ向かう
my husband was a good police officer. an honest man.	私の夫は警官だったけど...
save the world.	俺は世界を救った 2度もだぞ
some would dare say questionably dressed.	変な服だと思う人も いるかもしれませんが
and i saw a lot of stuff that science showcase magazine would love.	科学ゴシップ誌が喜びそうな 物をたくさん見ました
wisel infinity will increase this card's attack power by the attack power of the equipped synchro monster.	「ワイゼル インフィニティ」は 装備したシンクロモンスターの攻撃力分
keep taking it to the track, keeping it safe	レース場で走らせ 安全を確保しながら
it's an off course! to white rice, but to gyuudon, too.	白いご飯にはもちろんだけど
and you know the reason	兵士をこの国に
and talking to the clerk	職員と話しました
the victim did not know this and displayed this flower?	被害者は そのことを知らんと 飾ったんや。
you have very good chocolate milk.	おたくのチョコミルクは 最高だよ
whoa, you all right?	おう 具合はどうだ
i'm sorry...	ごめんなさい...。
i should have left that film in the trash.	あのフィルムはゴミ箱に捨てるべきだった
amazing!	すごおい!
maybe somebody saw something.	いい? - いいよ
that i was auditioning to be my father's son.	父の息子になるためのオーディションを 受けているような気分でした
what do you mean speculation. just ask anyone, it's a fact.	臆測って。 誰が考えても事実でしょう。
good luck. yes.	頑張ってね
this week's top 40 on radio one	#ラジオ・ワン 今週のトップ40
your work today is over.	合格まで あと 何点 足りなかったのかということは➡
we need to have the same story.	お話とは?
disgust has been comparatively rare	嫌悪感を抱く人は比較的少なく
tell me louise, when did you started working here.	ねえ ルイーズ いつから ここで働き始めたの?
it would make my doctor and my wife a bit happier.	医者にも言われたし 妻も喜ぶしね
no, no, no.	黙って聞け
no. not as deeply as my pride.	知人としては
took them out from under the toilet seat, and dropped them.	便座の内側から 外へ出して垂らし
no holding back.	ためらわない
although i must say, our favorite nickname	でも ぼくのお気に入りのあだ名は
did you find hijikata?	やった~!
jesus christ. lf we gotta shut down bay avenue for that, this town is gonna throw a shit fit.	給水を止めたりしたら ココはマヒしてしまう
and when a crime was committed	犯罪が起きると・・・
why didn't you show up at the kitchen?	なぜ台所に姿を見せなかった?
photon stream of destruction!!	これで終わりだ。 破滅のフォトン・ストリーム。
and the difference between just going	ちょっと訪ねて行って
a long time.	長期間
something happened at mahoroba.	《まほろばで 事が起きました➡》
you're just procrastinating with idle talk, aren't you?	お前 無駄話して 時間を延ばしてるだけだろ。
how often do you get to participate in a big scientific project?	大規模な科学プロジェクトに 参加したいと思っても ヒトゲノム計画や
what does anyone want?	望みって?
hey, you wanna go for doughnuts?	ドーナツ食べたくない?
mr. hasebe?	おはようございます
your legs didn't really give out.	腰まで抜かす事ないでしょ。
it's impossible for a titan to appear here!	不可能出现巨人的
go home.	うう! ナナさん!
why?	だから違うって
maybe we should've brought the captain.	警部の助けを借りるか
no one can tell you you're in love.	恋をしてるなんて ほかの誰にもわからない
that's not my job.	遠慮しておくわ
the chromosome is literally blown apart.	染色体は文字通りバラバラになりました
what are you waiting for? hurry up and get ready to go out.	早く出かける準備をするのです
chloe, what's going on?	どうした?
that's what namiesan said.	奈美江さん 言ってた
working on the isle of lesbos	働く石職人を見たときのことが挙げられます
i left you a little something in the garage.	駐車所に、あるものを置いてきた。
and just do it.	やってみなはれ
quickly, now!	5年余りの月日が あっという間に過ぎた。➡
not a second more.	それ以上はない
would weigh 36 kilos.	その脳は 36キロにもなります
he won't get carried away.	彼はむちゃをやらない
impact!	インパクト...
but the sir richard burton who lived a century before that	一世紀前に生き、
why didn't you say?	何故言わなかったのですか?
we hope my fireworks show set fyers back, maybe enough for those who hired him in the first place to call things off.	花火がファイアーズを 阻んだと願ってる 彼を雇った人達に十分だ 思いを晴らす
this place is crap. wait.	ここにいても ろくなことないんだから...
i will. it's up to you.	チェックを実行しますわ
wait!	よう お待たせ
now, the human mind is not a single unitary information processor	さて 人間の脳は単一にまとまった情報処理装置 ではありません
the king in the north.	北の王だ
you almost gave me a heart attack.	発作が起きるじゃない
of basic assumptions	基本的前提を
and like children	そして子どものように
preparing for the retrial of...	噂によると西村大学生殺人事件の再審の準備をしてるらしい
minchi and i go there.	私も民ちも あそこで通ってます
and my cousin, of course	そして私の親類 もちろん
mother, you should just go and die.	ベロベロべー! お母さんなんか死んじまえ
yeah. circuit 39.	39番回路だな
fortunately, we've been able to convince congress.	幸いにも議会を説得できました
general.	大将
if that's true, tanuma is likely to be my first friend.	今のお友達に知られたくないのは本当のことだからなんだろ
i don't wanna think about all of this!	我帶你全都去見一遍吧
now look into my eyes and tighten up that sphincter.	私の目を見ろ ケツの穴閉めろ
yep, that's a bingo.	ビンゴです
cho. was the safe deposit vault open when you got here?	チョウ 君がここに着いた時 貸金庫室のドアは 開いてた?
over a hundred times a day, is something that many of us	人気No.1の用事が気に入っています
okay.	見てくるわ。
the more entitled you feel to that wealth	特権意識を募らせ
this information used to be private.	このような情報はプライベートなものでした
oh, man.	おい.
and i was even invited to cover the moca museum.	MOCA美術館を覆うという誘いも受けました
these guys are pros.	この連中は プロだ
but it starts with just a few, or maybe just one.	最初は ほんの数人 一人だけかも知れません
sorry!	ごめ~んね
ronnie!	ロニー
and now, they can question me forever.	彼らは永遠に尋問する
and we succeeded to meet in the middle	私たちは中間地点で出会うことができ
muraki sensei happy birthday!	村木先生 お誕生日おめでとうございます!
ideally you would love to do all this noninvasively.	将来はこれら全てを 非観血的に行なえるのが理想です
that's why we moved to long island after your father's accident.	だからパパの事故の後 ロングアイランドへ引っ越したのよ
or when you overeat because your feelings are hurt, or whatever.	傷ついて過食に走るというような事です
by the way, this is me.	ちなみに これ私です
because you people can't be trusted to keep it clean.	お前らは俺のデータをぐちゃぐちゃにしてしまうだけだ!」
we're all prophets now.	俺たちはみんな預言者になったんだ
excuse me.	失礼致します。
generally, correct.	一応 せいか~い
so why are you calling me?	なぜあなたは私を呼んでいる?
i was thinking...	考えたわ...
maybe he's been left out plain in the open.	ただ、その辺に転がっているか
i had nothing before i started piloting the eva.	エヴァに乗る前の僕には、何もなかった。
yeah, have a good day.	ああ じゃあな
what? i get it. what the hell are we gonna do?	わかったよ どうすりゃいい?
shirato shunin, he found the body.	白戸主任 第一発見者の方です。
set into bloom!	ムムム... いつもより 髪のセットがうまくいかない。
cool.	素晴らしい
come on, guys. there's a wig missing	いいか 皆 かつらが消えたんだぞ
which he thought might this is in 1900	1900年当時 将来その可能性があると考えていた彼は
too much commotion.	騒ぎ過ぎだ
i only mean to caution you.	何故聞く?
and announced she had pants for sale for a dollar	女の子が乗ってきて1ドルでズボンを売ると言います
right? because that's not the way the world works.	でしょ? だって それじゃ世の中はまわりませんから
that's ridiculous.	そんな馬鹿な
got to get those reps in. ha.	続けないとね
i know, but... that time...	あの時
i like to jog.	ジョギングが趣味です
be sensible and let him go.	そうだ。 これ以上 追い詰めるな。 いい加減 優太を解放してやれ。
well, these were taken with a telephoto lens.	望遠レンズで 撮影されたものだわ
i want to leave my mark!	お兄ちゃんにも一個くれる
i'm not testifying to a damn thing.	証言できない ガードを
scuba diving...	メニューにはね、 スキューバーダイビングも入ってるの
the detective is unavailable.	彼は使えません
were you talking so much?	アンタって そんなに おしゃべりだったの?
was that page six?	"ページ シックス" の取材?
about what?	何をしたら 話をやめてくれますか?
possible go games	緻密に考えるゲームだって言うの
okay. well...	わかった、そうか...
last september	去年の9月
it's a new year now and we are all getting along, or so they tell me.	今度は仲良くできるわよね
you take this dna and you put it into a neuron.	この DNA を抽出しニューロンに導入するのです
let's eat!	爆弾を 食べさせて
to request these things in real time, their favorite toys?	イルカたちが要求できるような装置の開発です
i would love a red cape like that.	私は赤い頭巾が 大好きなんだ
and so at this moment i want to ask to celebrate emma with me.	この場を借りてエマを讃えたいと思う
it's essentially a digital safety deposit box.	デジタルな金庫という感じだ
sure let's do that.	そうね・・・そうしましょう
i'm hoping that you might be able to provide some insight as to who's trying to harm you.	あなた達を殺そうとしている人物について 何か考えがあるんじゃないかな
and this just drags over the bottom, in this case to catch shrimp.	そして今回はエビをとるために海底を引きずります。
you can't carry a taser.	スタンガンは禁止だよ
a selfsorting for bodies that fit certain sports	競技ごとに最適な 体つきが自然と選別され始め
i thought so.	と思うぐらいまでは読みました
oh, can i have a go?	乗ってもいい?
don't leave me to the zombies man.	置いていくのか!
and there are 2,000 new homes being built	この発電所の脇に 2千軒の
staring at the yellow wallpaper day after day... she begins to hallucinate that there are women trapped in the pattern.	来る日も来る日も 黄色の壁紙を見つめ... "窮地に陥った 別の女性がいる" と ─ 幻覚を見始めました
to work under dr. basu	テキサス州フォートワースにある
no, they were my friends.	いや 彼らは友人だった
and also, manosan didn't know anything either.	しかも 真野さんが知らないなんて。
well, since it's not good for you to lay off people	まぁ こちらから切るのは よろしくないですが➡
what do you mean select? are you trying to discriminate horrible patients?	わざとだと? ジンサンの患者を差別してるの?
really, this is troubling.	本当に 困った子です
devastation, hopelessness.	つきまとう人生を送るのです
it's like breathing.	呼吸と同じだ
it was like 20 years ago.	20年も前だ
i decided to be a surgeon because i don't like sick people.	病人 嫌いだから 外科医になったんです。
then you should hear the whole story.	ならば事の一部始終を 聞くべきだ
because when tellegio finds out what happened, you think he's gonna go after me?	テレジオは後々何があったか知るだろう, 俺に助けを求めると思うか?
i've been in contact with starfleet.	艦隊に連絡した
how's anybody gonna know we're alive?	誰か 生きてるの知ってるのか?
i said, well, i'm very flattered. what do you do for a living?	私は「光栄です お仕事は何をされているのです?」
yes, good job.	ホントもうって感じですね。 はい お疲れっす。
something useful. please.	役立つのを 今度こそ。
because this establishes the two	政治的生き物の持つ
i got lonely, so i came.	あ 眞尋さん 寂しくて来ちゃいましたよ
i bought it for my grandkid too, but	うん。 いや うちの孫にも買ってやったらさ
so there are a lot of differences. they take more risks.	よりリスクを取ります
it actually got cold because you say strange things!	本当に寒くなったでしょう
you're waiting for the chesapeake ripper to come back here.	真のリッパーが ここに戻る?
he will tell me being a fatty is fine.	《デブでもいいって いってくれてるし
and biological evolution kept accelerating.	生物進化は 加速し続けたのです
it's disgusting.	もううんざりだ
if you look very hard here you can see the signal from the voyager 1 spacecraft	よく注意すると ボイジャー1号の信号が感知されているのも分かります
what the hell is that supposed to mean?	どういうことだ
money inherited?	受け継いだ財産 それで存在が決まるのか
so so sorry.	本当にごめんね
i was like, where are you based?	僕:「拠点はどこだ?
my husband is walter white, yo.	夫はウォルター・ホワイト
see what you can find out about leila's parents.	レイラの両親に関することは 何でも見つけて下さい
where they could then work their way further down the mountain.	下山できるようにしました
okay, i'll get it.	早くー! あああ...! 落としちゃう! 落としちゃう!
five years ago, i had the chance to use the cure on slade.	5年前、スレイドに治療薬を 試す機会があった
the hard drive was missing.	他には居ない
if you take another glance at the boot print on the front door, you will see an almost imperceptible spot of blood where the heel made contact.	もう一度 玄関のドアの靴跡を見たら 彼の靴底が接触した所に ほとんど気づかないほどの
the chinks tell me that the hit man... was kind of the italian type.	目撃者の話によると 殺した男は― イタリア系だ
once i hack into the student roster...	学生名簿にハッキングして
because if they toxify themselves, being the lowestcost producer	中国が 土地や空気を汚染しながら 低コストで製品を作り
now it's gone.	お終いです
please let go.	請求代理人 どうぞ
me so solly.	ソーリー
i'm sure it's because of loneliness.	《きっと 孤独のせいだ》
it's not possible to get to the kidnapper via internet.	ネット経由で 犯人に たどり着くことは 不可能です。
i want to hear your answer.	お前の答えを聞こう
for fighting for aizu.	手当て お願いしやす!
hey. for old time's sake, should we do that thing?	ねえ 昔の様に あれを一度やろうか?
you definitely did, yeah.	感心してる場合か! やっちゃいましたよ。
just abort the shot. there's no shame in that, alright?	恥でも何でもないからな そうだろ?
you've always been...	社長は今までだって ずっと...
saw who?	誰を?
okay. i've finished reading.	読み終わりました。
and this is where we are today.	これが私たちが今日いるところです。
i hear you were right there when it happened.	現場にいたって聞いたもんですから
the utopia the king is said to have entered after his death...	過の王が死後に辿り着くと言われる理想郷
the 1.5 million euro nemec received for those passport chips.	ネメックが受け取った 1500万ユーロだ
managed to escape from danger	危険な状態は脱して➡
people involved in education.	教育関係者、といった人たちの口コミと
i mean, don'tdon't get me wrong; i get it.	誤解しないでくれ わかってる
we have the trauma surgeon, the icu nurse	集中治療室の看護師 救急治療室の医師などの
i'll handle this.	その辺は私に任せてもらえる?
i tried to make it as comfortable as i could.	できるだけ居心地が 良いようにした
absolutely ... then it's going to happen.	まったく... それじゃ いくぞーッ
i have heard...	カン・ドンジュ先生の言ったこと聞きました?
and this was the only place she remembered.	「彼女はここの場所だけは覚えていた」
your handwriting, your voice, your height.	手跡は枯れ 声はかすれ 身の丈は縮む
let's go!	むしろ、さあ!
help me.	助けてくれ!
you don't really plan on staying in the kingsguard, do you?	本当にキングズガードに居続けるつもり?
get in there! go!	突入しろ!
and your daughter's name is ruth, is it?	娘さんの名前はルスでしたね?
many puzzles have more than one.	パズルは 1つではないのです
that's our newest orphanage.	これは 一番新しくできた孤児院です
that are influencing our behavior	影響を及ぼしている 不気味で邪悪な
no. you betrayed me.	君は僕を裏切った
and their bones break up and they make grains of sand	サンゴのようなものが
chambered nautilus.	オウムガイ
what?	なんなら...。
oh, sorry.	ごめん 来るかも
red man?	赤い...男?
i think it's time we took this out of the backyard.	外で色々試してみよう
i don't get surprised.	ちょっとやそっとじゃ 驚きません。
we would love to go to versailles.	どうしても行きたいの!
you think we should cut it down.	切り倒すべきだろうか
i wish to come again nah, once is enough	なぜ?それは右、楽しいですか?一度-tryingするだけでは十分です
we draw ilaria inside and implode the entire base on top of them.	奴らの上部から爆破させる
i'd say 250, once the word spreads.	250ポンドで世界が広がる
how did it become the world's greatest economy?	どのようにして世界一の経済になったのでしょうか
that and the money.	成功しない
it's got everything to do with us!	甘いのだ! 何もかもが。
than adults are when we give them exactly the same task.	大人よりも優れているということがわかってきています
then tomorrow night, we cross floyd lawton's name off your list.	それから 明日の夜 フロイドロートンの名前をリストから抹消する
so you were right.	君の言う通りだった
she didn't climb down. she climbed up.	下りたのではなく 登って行った
you're one to talk.	あなたと話してるのよ
definitely.	いいわよ
please don't put too much on.	あまり塗らないでください
i was hoping all of the bones would be clean by now, mr. fisher.	もう骨の洗浄が - 終わってるかと思ったわ
the husband and wife owners are in trouble.	夫婦間で、もめ事がおきてる
i'm not gonna let someone...	させる 気はない・・・
and what was being done to her son	何がされたのかということです
string theory would never make	弦理論で検証可能な予測をすることは 不可能だと結論を出したのでした
you're in trouble.	どうしたの?
i was gonna have to take it to a whole new level.	新しい自分に ならねばならなかった
because you have a child.	子供がいるんだからな
madam!	奥様!
many roads are long and winding	多くの道は 長く広いため
called me and said	そしたら やり手の女性秘書が 電話で言うんだ
i'll blow your head clean off.	頭を吹き飛ばすぞ
yes, yes.	は・・はい
computer scientists aren't patient. they don't file paperwork.	彼らは患者ではないのですから 普段そうした書類に慣れていないのです
zura, you...	ヅラにハメられ 担がれたか。
but that's	でもそれは...
it's okay. i'm here for you.	大丈夫 私はここにいる
still, we could be less conspicuous.	もう少し目立つ方が いいかな
it's anja.	それがアニャだ
just put her on the phone.	娘に変われ
love you.	愛してる
team naruse.	チーム成瀬だ。
lucas is messed up.	ルーカスは奇妙である。
if that brother was in trouble, he would do anything.	その兄が困っていることがあれば 何だってする
what do you think?!	どうしたの?
were there subpopulations?	分集団はあるのか?
the shelter's this way.	グレンです
the war dragged on for two more solitary years and every day we performed our bloodsoaked calculus.	さらに2年続いた 戦争と... 孤独な日々が 毎日 我々は ひたすら計算を続けた
i know you prefer sencha green, but their black tea is to die for.	あなたが 煎茶を好むのを知ってるけど 彼らの紅茶は最高だわ
you said you would get me to the city.	街に連れて行くと言ったろう
its true character is a teacher called senbetsu i guess it will fall	その正体は千曳っていう先生だったって落ちだろう どうせ
however, by using a grief seed...	でも グリーフシードを使えば
there went that theory down the trashcan of history.	この理論は 過去のものとしてごみ箱行きになりました
this is just its compulsion to protect its master.	キミこそ。 いつでもかまわん。
do not worry. i won't die.	って つまんねえな...。
and i said to my translator, what's going on, why is she crying?	そこで私は「どうしたの なぜ彼女は泣いているの?」と通訳者に聞きました
too late. it's already ringing.	遅いよ もう鳴っている
that's why.	死など怖いもんか!
a secondary power source.	できるからです
and that means that there's still a question for the rest of our lives.	まだ何かあると言う事か まだ続くのか
there are soot marks on its feet...	足にススが付いてる
my cards are!	あ~っ! 俺のカードが!
it is safe.	ご無事です。
if this is about something dumb, i'm going to kick him out!	アイツ どうでもいい用だったら 絶対追い出すッ
i should thank you too	私のほうこそ ありがとう
you're a whore, and your mother was a whore, and her mother, and your father used to turn tricks at a gas station.	売女だ お前のお袋も そのお袋も それに親父も━
look at that pool!	見て!
you just have to come home.	君が家に帰るだけだ
well, hope's fans would say it wouldn't be billy if he weren't bleeding.	これなら行ける ホープのファンはおそらく― 流血はつきものだと言うでしょう
ah, is that so. hurry, bring those things.	あっ そういうことか。 荷物 置いて来て。
to decide.	はっ? 私を あちこち➡
mamiko... mamiko... my name is mamiko...	マミコが尻軽に
i just don't think you should be distracted from looking at other suspects because the professor operates on a level you can't understand.	教授が理解できないからと言って 容疑者と考えるのは 間違ってるわ
he said he saw my application, and he was impressed	僕の出願書類を見て んー
oh, what happened to your colleague.	君の同僚の症状は
then, i'll start now.	原來如此 也就是說 友人帳開始在妖怪圈裡傳開了啊
he'd been missing for two months.	2ヶ月前に姿を消していた
the effect of this, of course, is it's not just	「琥珀色に波打つ穀物」のみならず
how are we all	問題になるのは どのように私たちは
i'm talking to you right now!	現に 俺 こうして 猫のお前と話してるし
you said that you slashed the lord.	お前は 主を斬ったとも言った。
we've kept all the rooms open for you.	お部屋のほうは全部空けてありますからね
oye virus is comin..carrying eggs with him he has told first years to come down come fast fast virus was the most competetive man we had ever seen if someone overtakes him even one step......... he could'nt accept it	誰もが彼を コンピュータ ウイルスと呼んだ! ウイルスが来たぞ 卵を持ってな 新入生は早く降りてこい
what orders from mordor, my lord?	モルドールより如何なる御命令が?
it really impairs cognition.	認知機能を損なうのです
her body's turning on itself.	もちろん
come on, we got to get away from this car.	早く、車から離れましょ
when the gloxinia game bloomed ...	グロキシニアが咲いたときが勝負...
dr. ward invited me to come back to bethesda with him to study jacob's cells, and...	Dr. ウォードから ジェイコブの細胞の研究に ベセスダに招かれたけど・・
someone could give a talk and say	例えば こんな講演をする人が 出てきてもおかしくない--
everybody knows that.	59,499 - - 00:
and you are? i'm kato nae's distant relative.	あなたは? 加藤奈枝の遠い親戚どす。
from the beginning?	始めからですか?
oh, god. she'll move us so fast.	母さんはすぐに引っ越しって言い出すぞ
in short, we admire their willingness to play.	つまり私達は彼らの遊ぶ意欲を賞賛しているのです
get lost, you idiot!	ハハハ...。 ばかめ。➡
they said, well show us what is possible. what are you doing?	「その大学で何ができるのか 見せてくれ
i grew up in bihar, india's poorest state	私はビハール州で育ちました インドで最も貧しい州です
walter, head stateside, get some r r.	ウォルター、帰国しても構わんが
the light's how they find you, man.	ライトをつけると ここの家族に 気づかれるぞ
seriously, pouring a proper beer, that's a that's an art.	マジな話 ビールを上手く注ぐのは 芸術だよ
cell phones sure are convenient, though.	しかし便利だな 携帯電話というものは
the woman in the black dress.	今の黒い女も あんたね。
it comes and it's insidious.	やってきて私の中に入り込む。
he's pretty dedicated to this place. you think he was angry enough to act on it?	こんなことをするほど彼は怒っていたと 思うんですね?
we could also find a way	喘息患者を手当する方法だって
i'm sorry, darling!	ごめん ダーリン うち用事ができちゃった
the kingsroad can be a dangerous place for a woman alone.	王の所へ行くには 女性だけでは危険です
and being able to do a highly esteemed work at the company.	会社にも評価してもらえる 仕事ができて。
what i could have been if i'd only said the word?	私が一言、言いさえすればどうなっていたか?
he was just standing down in the kitchen right at the open door, just staring at it.	キッチンで立ってるだけ、 開いた戸の前で、ただ見てるの。
her lie could change homicide to selfdefence.	偽りの証言をすることで 殺人罪が正当防衛に 無罪になるんですよ
she's a former reporter for maicho news.	はい 元毎朝新聞の記者で
wait!	待て はやまるな
you screwed me.	ダマした
on our second channel like this.	飛びついたことです
cassie, come on, let's go.	キャシー 帰ろう
and as soon as i get word, i'm taking an unmarked car to the pickup location, and then i'm gonna head back over...	得たら確認し、この覆面パトカーで、 スキラーを取りに行き、早速ここで...
but without an adequate power source, he's...	だが 電源が必要だろ
so sorry to keep you waiting.	待たせて ごめんなさい
to make up for her lack of special powers.	それで異能の力がないのを補おうとして
for abducting and molesting an eight year old boy on stanton.	誘拐やわいせつ行為で スタントンの8歳の少年
not our division.	管轄が違う
open it! the work of angels.	開きなさい。
the planet has only seconds left.	スポック!
you know my son, it might seem that i dote on him, but	ウチの息子ね 親バカに聞こえるかもしれんけど
he got id?	idは?
you graduated.	君は卒業だ
for us this was an event that	うん。 俺たちにとって あそこ
do you have a plan to kill her?	娘さんを殺すつもりは?
it's different from acetaminophen, but	アセトアミノフェンとは 違いますが
it was...	正義感のある子だった
they just moved.	消えた 移動したんですな
by the way, i have received permission to shoot you.	ところで あなたへの発砲許可が下りているのですが
some of them will really work and turn out, such as news.	Google News のように成功するプロジェクトも生まれます
i am from the german consulate, and this is from the us state department... orders to extradite him back to germany immediately.	米国務省から ドイツに引き渡すよう命令も出ている
get promoted, then you can give the orders.	命令したければ 昇級するんだな
i am simply ending our patientpsychiatrist relationship.	私はただ患者と精神科医の関係を 終わらせようとしているだけ。
what's wrong? stomach ache?	ああ こっち こっち。
and on the fourth morning , he roped a couple of sea turtles, lashed them together, and made a raft.	そして4日目の朝 2匹のウミガメを手なづけ ロープを結び いかだ代わりにして脱出したんだ
if i hug you, are they gonna shoot us?	私があなたにハグするなら 彼らは私達を撃ちそう?
illegal occupation? lawsuit?	不法占拠? 訴訟?
you've nevertoid me about your parents	親のこと 話さないよな
what?	いくらだって?
and that tall grasslands like this one	このような多雨地帯の草原には
some have come from natural sciences;	何人かは自然科学関係ですね。
i believe she'll be a valuable asset to your team at sizzler of san bernardino.	君のチームは人気絶頂だ もう やめて バカ
hey, simon. franck wants to see you.	サイモン フランクが会いたいと
[ ringing continues ] hello !	ただいま!
shrinking at the foot of calvary about to be up, you know.	死刑前の囚人みたいに ちじこまってた
nice to meet you.	あっ。 ホントですか。 よろしく お願いします。
ya, ya that was... great.	あぁ うん いいシーンになるよ
three hundred forty cuban doctors	340人のキューバ人医師達が
now release your new power!	さあ 解き放ってごらん
from hotaru?!	オレは 大蛇丸から...➡
pittsburgh.	ピッツバーグだ
good eye, kowalski!	いい目だコワルスキー
was picked as a houseboy by taisan's father	書生として拾ってくれた 泰さんのお父上にも
yes, i know. i saw the whole thing.	ああ わかってる 全部見てた
with independence, the whole approach of community getting involved	この原則を支えるものが3つあります
if you fail, that means i fail.	キミが落第なら 僕も落第
well, some of them, but, you know	まあ そのうちの何人かは
and who could blame her?	だがそんな彼女を 責められるか?
what is it?	どうなってるんでしょうね
anyway, no need to worry about it.	只要這能夠讓妳內心好受一點
i don't know if i can do it any more	もう どうすればいいのか 分からなくて
i'm afraid we have no way to guarantee daily communications, madam ambassador.	毎日の連絡を保証する 方法はありませんね
wait. does anybody have allergy medicine?	誰かアレルギー薬 持ってない?
identity card?	IDカード?
i don't wanna spend it talking about your theories!	君の理論はいい!
use your core!	あなたのコアを使用してください!
yeah. i asked you before, right?	取材? うん 前に頼んだでしょ
they make up stories	話を作る男
former deputy paul randolph has escaped police custody.	元保安官代理の ポール・ランドルフが 警察の拘留から脱走した
it's only been five years.	紡と過ごした時間は たった五年
were increasingly defining behavior	行動と帰属意識と忠誠心を
i mean, that's just...	それは・・・
i know the products	商品の知識はありますし➡
and, damn, did it feel good.	良い気分だ
new york city?	ニューヨーク?
the ship went down?	沈没するって?
a long, long time ago.	むか~し 昔に。
and i want to report it to the boss of the bank.	銀行の上司にそのことを 報告したいと思って
it's a good word.	「患者」は良い言葉です
stippling patterns	まずは
without a lot of pain	覆すことはできないからです
if i had suddenly slashed at you	もし私が いきなり斬りつけていたら
our master...	我會保護公主的
please answer the question!	今の問いに答えてみて
not so much.	まあね...
what does this world look like?	世界はどんなふうに見えますか?
well, this is a different question, but...	話が違うわ
no clue, but, uh, if you want to see him live and in person, he just got here.	いや手ががりは 無いが 君が彼に直接会いたいと思うなら ちょうど彼が ここに来たとこでね
i have no idea who this man foster is.	このフォスターという人が 誰なのか全く知りません
like a mutt in the streets.	道にいる野良犬扱いするのね!
even i'm eatable.	「私自身だって、宜しければ」
i've been looking for you, big brother.	お兄ちゃん捜してたのよ
i'm gettin' the hell outta here. senator... it's so good to see you.	とっとと この場を離れる 上院議員...
when she was a student at university in california	カリフォルニアの大学時代に
what? how rude! you treat me like i'm some money hungry monster.	何? ひどい! 人を金の亡者みたいに。
you think if i was having an affair, i'd be crazy enough to have it in public?	もし関係があったとしても 人前でそんなことをするのはキチガイだろ?
rock solid. my orders?	命令どおりか?
this place would become an eternal paradise.	ここを永遠の楽園にすることだって出来るの?
hey you, how long are you going to keep being stubborn?	アンタさ いつまで強情張ってるわけ
molly saw that, so...	モリーはそれを見たんだ、 だから...
me? how could i have done anything?	俺に何かできるわけないさ
is it the mimicking of particular gestures that matters?	特定の仕草のものまねがそんなに重要なのか?といった問いです
i'm sorry.look,you have... you've really come through for me.so even if this... even if this gets to a trial,if we don't settle, your cooperation has been invaluable.i want you to know that.	大変だな 君は私のために よくやってくれた だから たとえ 法廷で争うことになっても―
with paint and temporary materials.	とても迅速に行動しました
of health and social problems	まとめた同じ指標を
so, one particular question that we have is	特に疑問に感じているのは
ok, put what the c.i. told you in the warrant application.	C. I. が令状申請するよう あなたに話したわ
would you prefer to live in the cave for 40 years	君は洞窟内で40年間暮らすのと
we still have a visual but the american is in imminent danger.	彼女は監視下にあるが アメリカ人が危ない
i just...	私はただ・・
we treat more than five times the amount of patients as large aids clinics, and get this.	患者をたくさん治せる エイズ診療所よりも
tada is what you say when something good happens.	ジャジャーンは いい物のときにいうのよ
l'm just gonna kill him.	殺してやるんだ
to fend for themselves.	守るものはいません
how many of you can actually tell wheat apart from other cereals?	小麦を他の穀物と見分ける事ができる方はどれくらいいらっしゃいますか?
someone didn't join the mickey mouse club.	誰かはミッキー・マウス クラブに参加しなかった
for intercepting	売っていたのです
last month we needed a sitter for penny but you didn't want to miss oktoberfest.	えぇ 先月 ペニーのお守りを頼んだ時
llove?! this is love?	こ 恋 これがか
he was a bartender on a cruise ship. you know that.	客船のバーテンだ 知ってるだろう
well, now let's see.	何回だろう?
others battle oppressive societies.	社会による抑圧である場合もあります
working as an apprentice at his parent's sushi shop in west tokyo.	西東京にある実家の すし店に 見習いとして勤務してます。
of which my name is attached.	私の名前が付けられた集合です
and the other question, who changed their mind?	もう一つの質問です 誰が彼らを変えたのでしょうか?
or, my personal favorite, the grappler.	それとも 私好みの... 捕獲器
finish it.	最後まで
so this is what changes	こちらは 変えましたが
there's no way we're telling you that.	そんなもの お前らに教えられるわけないだろ。
what do you need me for?	なぜ俺を?
dynamite knuckle!!	ダイナマイトナックル。
didn't you hear her during tornado?	トルネードのとき聞いてなかったの
do you remember me?	私を憶えてますか?
very well. i enjoy a good laugh.	結構 大笑いだ
have you no shame?	「ママ 恥ずかしくないの?」
odin continues to bring me new friends.	オーディンは新しい友を 次々に連れて来る
how late were you up playing games yesterday?	二人とも 何時までゲームやってたのよ
i am not an animal!	ないぞー お分かり?
he's sure to have made the deal with maria brothers in some form.	必ず マリアブラザーズと何らかの形で 約束を交わしてるはずだ
she's turning it inside out.	裏返して
what do you want, then?	では何が欲しい?
do you want some water?	水が飲みたいかい?
it's really nothing that important.	ああ... いや 全然 たいした事じゃないんですよ。
your boy's got more brains than you do, ben. must take after his mama.	お前より利口だな 母親似に違いない
i'm not playing any more.	もうやめましょう
to the challenges facing citizens in this century	誰一人として持っておらず
that there's a black blush right there.	あそこに黒っぽい影があります
i heard.	聞いてません
if you understand, follow the instruction accordingly.	わかったら 向こうに指示に従え。
if you stood up against corruption instead of doing your deal with the devil.	悪魔と手を組まず 犯罪と戦っていれば...
who the hell are you? no, who are you?	そっちこそ誰だ?
no. but i...	違う、でも...
so we've been told	♪だから 多く語られてきた
it is also disconnected	統合されておらず
didn't you, you little tunesmith?	あなた、作曲家だった?
so we had very strong leadership, very good vision	先見性と強いリーダーシップ
you light the way and i'll go for the cable.	照らしてくれ ケーブルを外す
200 miles away and two years after the last creeper murder	最後の変態殺人事件の2年後 320Km離れたところで
some wacko brought 'em over in the 1800s.	どこかのバカが1800年代に兎を連れてきたの
i waited and waited, but you wouldn't ask me out.	だって 恭一さん なかなか 誘ってくれないんだもん。
but i'm also very much interested in political culture	私は、政治にも興味があります。
three.	3つよ
and even if it wasn't, the continuity gaffes make it virtually unwatchable.	そうじゃなかったとしても 場面の連続性のミスのために 見るに耐えないな
you wouldn't happen to have his name?	偶然彼の名前を見つけたの?
you'll need a warrant.	令状が必要になる
my god, there's plenty of sun in finnmark. it's sunny all day. midnight sun.	フィンマルクは日差しが一杯で 一日中 日が照ってる 白夜だ
all these years, crowley has been riding me... about obeying the rules and she's the one breaking protocol.	悪役じゃない 今は - 分かってる! まだ ムカつくわ 助けるなんて
isn't that all it was.	《それだけのことじゃないか》
it's still there; it can burst out anytime.	種火がまだあって いつでもまた 激しく燃え盛るかもしれないから...
kaitosama, this is getting bad!	カイト様! これってまずいんじゃ...。
that there was a real robot when there wasn't.	本物のロボットのように見せることは 難しくありません
the scene, huh.	すっかり裏方さんに なっちゃったね
do you know? someone who really forgets..	知ってた? 本当に相手のこと忘れた人は➡
it means that if our economies grow	経済が成長するにつれて 排出量も増加することを
and 100,000 personal conversations, photos, and videos were leaked online	10万件の私的な会話や写真や ビデオがネットに流出し
i don't know. are you?	分かんないよ どうなんだ?
i got a hit on the result with the tristate d.m.v.	車両省の近隣三州の 記録に一致する物が
if you don't like it, leave.	嫌なら 去れ。
tidying up this tiny mess is no problem.	この程度なら 大丈夫ですよ。
but how did kyutaro happen to know your address?!	思い切った行動とは?
oh, pardon me, ma'am.	すいません
listen. i'm really, really sorry, but we can't go to the cops.	聞いてくれ 本当に本当に申し訳ない でも俺達は警察には行けない
ice cream's gonna attack you. what are you going to do?	アイスが攻めてくるぞ ぶわ~って。 どうする。
we were in the papers, we're still in the news three years later	3年経った今でも ニュースで取り上げられています
bought flowers like this. yup.	お花 買ってこうね。 うん。
to being so conspicuous?	そんな目立った風体を しているのでしょうか?
otaesan, what did you just say? how can you say something that bad so easily?	なんか変な感じになるだろうが! お前が言えよ!
so it looks like it would be too botherson	だから これから あいつ いじめんの
it's good stuff.	上物ね
she told you to say this? she's not dead.	そう言え って言ったんだろ?
were they wearing masks?	彼らはマスクで顔を隠しているのか?
that i put together for you tonight	今夜の為に作りました
and some words on a cake wrapper.	それとケーキの包み紙の文字
that's how you turn people.	それが 人の心を変えるんです
how long are you staying?	いつまでいられる?
heart rates are slower; you live longer;	心拍は遅くなり 寿命が長くなります
well, i'll be leaving then. excuse me.	じゃあ 私 お先に失礼いたします。
and he is the man responsible for this act of savagery.	艦隊に所属する 残虐行為の首謀者だ
you remember when we'd drink hot chocolate at the beach house?	いつビーチハウスで ホットチョコレートを飲んだか覚えてるか?
we're celebrating, captain.	我々は祝ってるんだ
for example, as a component of	例えば人工腱の一部として
going at hundreds of miles an hour	時速数百キロで飛ぶ飛行機から
what?! let's eat!	やめろう
eh, don't worry	大丈夫だ。 えっ?
requesting that they	彼らに対して
you've heard of umisenyamasen?	聞いた事 あるような
the upper stratosphere, 40 km up.	上部成層圏に持って行き
'cause i still care	あなたのことを...
and then you can get those rovers to move around	ローバーに指示して
you still have an impression of her deep in your heart.	深層心理には彼女の印象が残っていて それが夢に出てきたのかもしれません
you're a liar. why are you lying to me?	うそつけ 何でお前はうそをつくんだ?
the answer has to be on that flight key.	調べてくれ
the phone was left behind tonight.	携帯は 今夜の忘れ物です
that day the hygienist pulls out many more teeth.	その日 彼女は何人もの抜歯をします
you picked a bad day for this, pal.	日が悪かったな
okay, hombre. let's see how tough your rawhide can be.	面白い 一つお手並み拝見と行こう
i'm the victim!	私は 被害者なんです!
emergency personnel, code blue.	女性をのpa:"/私は" 緊急要員は、コードブルー。"/私は"
the millford woman.	例はあるわ 乾板に
thought we had vermin.	害獣かと思った
what is it this time?	こりゃ盲点だ
why are you doing this anyway? excuse me?	何で こんな事するんだよ?
i... i'm going to fight my brother till the very end.	私は...私は最後まで兄さんと戦う
when you say my name, use sama, maggots.	拙者の名を呼ぶときは「様」をつけるのだ クズ蟲共
what else?	他に何があるっての
that might take these things away from us.	すべてを取り上げてしまうかもしれません
i can tell you, there isn't a person in this room that would sit idly by.	それを知って何もせずにいる人は この場に一人もいないでしょう
i'll give you a holler when i need you.	用がある時は 大声で呼ぶよ。
time to get off this planet.	この惑星を下車する時間。
oh, it's the usual pattern.	ワンパターンじゃダメなの
i just don't feel satisfied. sanshou.	全然満ち足りないんだよな。 山椒。
i'll take them into evidence. that's all right.	私が管理しておきます
you made it hard on yourself by trying to draw the sea with simple lines.	海を単純な線だけで 描こうとするから難しいんだよ。
clotilde?	クロチルド?
help ya?	ヤー
you should just quit this pl. ??	PL法なんか 即刻やめちまえよ
which is the other plankton eating large shark	ジンベイザメは
at the break of day	♫ 子供たちを殺していった ♫
okay, thanks. i'll make copies.	どうも コピーします
nah, i'm all good.	いや もういい
put the knife away.	ナイフをカバンに入れて。
go. go, go. go!	さあ 行け
it's nothing but a pain.	うざったいだけだよ。
how much of an idiot can you be?	何だか ちょっと ずうずうしいフランス人ですよね。
just b.s. your way through it.	くだらない話でもしておけば、いい
passport.	パスポートを
i... i thought we were kind of simpatico, you know?	通じるものが あったはずです
but i'm also a skeptic.	しかし私自身も疑い深いのですが
come on, there's got to be at least a hundred things you want to do before you die. i don't know.	死ぬ前にやっときたいことを考えたら 最低100個は出てくるって 何も浮かんでこない
the program's arrived!	梦想着证明未来
you should have seen us, two young turks at the dawn of the information age.	我々に会うべきだった 情報化の幕開けに
seven days.	七日以内だぞ
because when the self is suspended	なぜなら 自己が宙に浮くと
get a discout from his company. why, so suddenly ?	探してくれるんだって~。 何で 急に?
oliver, i'm trying not to think that our history's repeating;	オリバー 考えないようにしてる 過去を繰り返しそうで怖いわ
what's this?	待て! このせっかち野郎!
darling, do you have any idea what this is all about?	あなた 何か心当たりはある?
schwing!	シャキーン!
it just kind of happened...	前の晩から話し合って 揉めた結果 あんな事に...。
it depends.	一概には言えない
places i've seen. yeah.	おんなじだ。 はい。
goodbye.	元気でな
since she had a husband, she was threetiming, right?	ご主人もいるから三股ですよね?
sakurako can i change places with you? yes.	桜子 代わってもらっていいかな はい
[phone rings] agent donnelly, stop your car!	ドネリ捜査官、車を止めて下さい!
can you say asac?	"asac"って言えまちゅか〜? "aaay
so by this time next year i'll be looking down on you physically as well!	牛乳を克服したこの凸守 来年の今頃はお前を上から見下ろしているですよ
ii didn't have a choice.	選択肢がない
and when i don't use my hands.	ちょっと難しくなります
sorry to keep you wai	ごめんね 付き合わせて
i hope you wear a mask.	泥棒なら 仮面を付けたら
i'll do anything.	俺は何も知らないよ
or that mommy's a horror freak, and daddy lives to make mommy happy.	パパはママを幸せにする ために生きてるって
if you want to save that child now...	知りたければ 私を倒すことだ。
you know	なぁ...
we all have blind spots when it comes to family.	みんな 家族には盲目になる
to share the load life is full of highs with someone to stir and someone to fry	♪一緒に挑戦する人がいれば 人生は最高なことばかり
it was something that happened to other people over there.	どこか 対岸の火事のようなものでした
okay, well	うーん!
a normal sailing boat has a centerboard here	普通のヨットでは 真ん中に垂下竜骨と
i take lunch hour.	昼休みだってあります
tuna if i remember correctly it's ippon	マグロは確か一本じゃ..
what do you know about vampires, anyway?	決めつけないで
it's completely irrelevant.	そのような議論は全く無意味です
we're looking into that too. we should be able to find her parents	我々も今は調べてるんで まあそう手間を食わずに
when you said spiderman said no, you meant you said no.	スパイダーマンが ノーと言ったのは... ...お前が言ってたのか
you going to sit down?	座るか?
and she wanted to consult me which hospital to choose..	僕に どこの病院に 行ったらいいのかを聞きたくて
there must be a reason why.	何か理由があるに違いない
we can't settle for that	この結果に甘んじてはいけません
now, statisticians don't like it	統計学者はこういうのを気に入りません
no, no, not that.	ううん。
kagame, he told me that the truth would reveal itself.	真実は いずれ露呈するんだ
but the tireless work of a single artist.	疲れを知らない 孤独な芸術家
clearly, you owe me a big favor.	明らかに あんたに 大きな貸しがある
can anyone hear me?	誰か答えて
a lot of heating	ものすごい熱です
i lost this time, but i'll definitely win next time!	今回は負けたけど 次は絶対 勝ってみせるんだから
that's why you're so cool.	君って本当にクールね。
all we need to do is take him to the geographers' guild.	するべき事は彼を 地理学者協会に連れて行くのよ
i invited her to the book launch party	彼女を刊行記念パーティに招待しました
what's... this drawing?	うーん 何描こう
'we have called out to all our friends in the west, 'and trust that you will not allow this aggression to continue.	西側の友好諸国に呼びかけます この侵略継続を許さないと信じています
where are you going looking like that?	どこへ行くの?
are you buzzed?	酔えた?
sprinting down the pitch	華麗にゴールを決める
i have five, so i can teach you.	5つあるから教えるわ
i know but... can't you just walk in there with your heads up and get it over with?	わかるけど... 堂々と行けばいいんじゃない。
as a spy.	間違いないと思います。
let's see... in other words...	それ以外の言葉には...
did you know that when the water level goes down you can see a church steeple?	水が少なくなると 教会の塔が見えるのよ
they've been moved into a adjacent room just off the main area.	すぐ隣の部屋に移動した
after that, if he commences direct attack in the next turn, it would be another absolute victory for the king.	そして 次のターンで ダイレクトアタックが決まり
like red bean soup, corn soup, hot chocolate...	お汁粉とか コーンスープとか
fire purges and purifies	火は清め浄化し
thank you. it's exhausting.	ありがとう まったく疲れるよ
aelius maximus!	Aelius重要!
there's just one on the roof.	1人だけ屋根にいる
is that i never ask my clients to judge me on my winners.	私の成功の評価を 頼まないことです
that's why the times are chia, the second person	ってわけで、時代はチアだよ、お二人さん
ah, thanks. i am suzuki from north kanagawa station.	あっ どうも。 北神奈川署の 鈴木です。
let go!	後で話しましょう
what?	ああッ?
just do it already!	いいから やれよ
as if...you understand!	通称 環七通り!
and? and...	それで・・・
they have to begin to play their role	企業は 地域社会における 自らの役割を果たし
but the important part is after shuffling the cards	重要なのは カードをシャッフルしたあとです
wow. can i see that?	見せてくれる?
unfortunately, today	残念なことに今日では
of our country and other parts of the world who are creative.	位置づけようとしています
the top of this shows the genome	上の方にあるのが170万ラッドの放射線を
fools, hurry up.	急げ
then what? bus tables at denny's?	ファミレスで働くか?
i'll see the judge about the warrant.	裁判官に令状を求める
and the notsogreat will smith movie	iRobot 社へ手紙は送られます
retrieve.	2 検索
by drawing this, you're in a 'super pinch'!	《このカードをドローしたあなたは スーパーピンチ!
i know plenty of those.	経験ある
fgm is child abuse.	FGMは児童虐待です
nay, there's no reason to say such bad thing.	いや それが悪いって 言ってるわけじゃないんだよ。
they weren't very persuasive.	説得力はなかった
is the dish simmered in young bamboo not done yet?	松の間さん 「若竹煮 まだか?」って。
join the club.	お前こそ
what were the dates?	日付を言ってくれ
what's happening? get out of the way!	大丈夫?
i'm certain pleasant episode behind you.	保証します 不愉快なエピソードは 消える事を
we scientists stake our lives on developing	我々 科学者は 命を賭して
a place where nearly 70 percent of the population	この街では人口の70%が
so, we're not sure where this story is going to end	この物語がどこに行き着くかは分かりません
and receives it from the same woman	弟を殺された女性から
i thought that was my father's watch.	あれは親父の腕時計だと 思った
you looked like a gentleman, and they'd let anybody could come.	誰でも参加できました
she's in the basement dead and...	彼女が地下室で 死んでいる... パニクってる。
and not by learning a piece of music, putting on someone else's interpretation of it	楽譜から学ぶのでも 誰かの解釈に従うのでも
in my youth, i courted war.	俺が未熟なせいで戦争が...
he'll need it.	えぇ
nothing.	手掛かりなしだ
when they do show up... it's a sure sign that carnage and bloodshed are not far behind.	現れるのは 大量殺人事件が 起きる兆候だ
also incidentally overturned the black tea i was drinking and	ついでに 飲んでた紅茶も ひっくり返って
that's probably just smoke from a campfire!	あれはきっと キャンプファイヤーの煙だよ。
see it again.	もう一度頼む
oh, my god! am i on set right now? oh, damn!	キャー 撮影中?
you want to put this in daddy's box?	これをパパの 箱に入れるの?
men will complain of crushing chest pain	胸が押し潰される― 象が胸の上に乗っているようだ
who's our colleague, and a lot of his work that he did	ジム・グレイの多大な貢献によって
very funny.	笑える
works on any mobile device with a camera, like this ipad.	iPadのようなカメラ付き携帯機器で 使えるようにしました
there's this initial period of horror	はじめに緊迫した時間帯があって
the dear little boys	拾い上げては
is he that small?	お前が無事だと言うことは 契約書も無事ということだ
little do i know he's become the toast of paris.	...知らないうちに... ...この男はパリに夢中になっていて...
let's go see daddy today.	今日 お父さんに会いに行こうか?
if we do not reduce our population ourselves, there'	もし我々が 自ら淘汰しなければ 行く末は 二つに一つ
they are as unique as fingerprints.	2つと同じものは 無い
but he's different.	當然 在劍道比賽中也能取得優異的成績
techniques created by the author	作者が想像した技が読者の手によって実現される
i don't like champagne.	シャンパンは あまり好きじゃないの
is constantine telling the truth?	コンスタンティンが言ったことは 本当なのか?
definitely not. that's not a mistake a murderer would make.	人殺なら あんなミスはしない
if it's anywhere near transport	輸送機関の近くにあれば
the problem is i don't think you're crazy, but i don't think you're evil.	私が君の事を気違いだとは 思っていない事だ しかし悪人とも思えない
wonderful but forgettable. that sounds like a picture i've seen.	素晴らしいけどすぐ忘れる なんか聞いたことある
mr iwata is not her grandpa, right?	<こんなに近いのに 遠い...>
isn't there pride in being in the medaka clan?!	目高組には誇りが あるじゃないですか!
however, managing the whole hospital	しかし 経営者というのも
pajamas! underwear! shirts! socks!	パジャマ パンツ シャツ 靴下
it's not my turn.	順番が来たらね
you know what?	私も辞めるわ
now imagine he discovers that his favorite plaything slash punching bag is having an affair with his teaching assistant, mr. o'brien.	その彼のお気に入りのおもちゃであり サンドバッグである彼女が 講義助手のオブライエン氏と 不倫しているのを見つけたとする
on the minor road entering the major.	”止まれ”は理にかなっていますが
or, people are not people	つまり 「人は他者によって
at this french place on highland.	相手の尻軽女 ハイランドのフレンチレストランよ
what i'm saying is...	でも俺がもうごめんだって言う
and get national energy policy	エネルギー政策を成立させ
we didn't find anything, is all they can say.	「何もありませんでした~」って➡
what?	えっ... 化け物?
that testimony.	そんな証言 警察が信じるわけないでしょ。
13 is ready.	1 -3号機準備良し
marshall...	マーシャル
the christmas stuff.	クリスマスの用品
fighting with robert about my schedule.	私のスケジュールでロバートに
of children being the agents of change.	素晴らしい例です
how many times do you think i talked to her while you were sleeping?	アッキーが寝ている間に 何度泉姉さんと話をしたと思ってる
this will change your life.	人生が変わるわ
okay, hold on!	掴まってろ!
people are dying and we can only watch.	人が死ぬのを見ているだけだ
she lost her husband and the insurance won't be paid...	夫を亡くして その上 保険金も下りないなんて。
it seems we've been infiltrated, even up here.	このメッセージは指示通りに
i haven't been feeling well.	この所 気分が良く無くて
and suddenly graham appeared.	グレアムが止めてくれた
is just amazing.	本当に驚くべきものです
stay with me, stay with me!	僕がついてる ついてるからな
no, no. um...	特に何も
but they transferred him to another reform school, and the deaths stopped.	彼を 別の少年院に送致した後 その殺害は やんだ
what's missing?	な?
how is it that jack came by that compass?	ジャックはどうして あのコンパスにこだわるんだろう?
what's the big deal?	そんなに大事なの?
the quality of my brain is not the best	♬~「頭のできは よくないが」
and literally takes part in life and death along the coast.	沿岸地域の生活に 深く結びついてきました
we did it! it's a grand victory for our ship!	やりました 我が艦の大勝利です
help out obaachan with some of the housework too okay?	おばあちゃんのお手伝いも ちゃんとしてよ
oh, i know how to get in.	入り方を知ってるの
indeed your love experience is irrelevant.	確かに お前の恋愛経験など どうでもいいが
uh, mr. kim had that card. ah. uhhuh.	キムさんが このカードを持ってた これは どういうことなんだ?
this one here calling me a liar?	俺が嘘つきだと?
help me, ace man!	助けて エースマン
i said stop, dad! oneechan.	やめてって お父さん! お姉ちゃん
what the hell? ! we have to move now!	何なんだよ!
my own counsel will i keep... on who is to be trained.	わしが決めるのじゃ 誰を訓練すべきかはな
living room? dark.	居間は 暗い
one that... sparked the imagination of your young teaching student.	君の学生達に イマジネーションを起こさせた
i know, right?	「pcp」が優先なのは分かってる
and so we set up another crazy experiment	そこで 私たちは幼虫の匂いを集め
it was a con job. it's not right for a teacher to be a swindler.	詐欺じゃん 教師が詐欺師って ありえないし
the u.s. and the west say china cheats	アメリカと西側諸国は
and looping those results back	結果を再確認してもらっただけで
five o'clock.	5時の方向
so we did the research study to see	そこで 実際どうなのか 調査しました
show a little motivation.	お前ら少しは やる気を出せ
who's got the throat slitter?	カミソリは誰が?
she assaulted the victim, cuffed her hands and feet, and tortured her for well over an hour.	被害者に暴行し 両手両脚に手錠をかけ 1時間以上にも渡って彼女を拷問した
[showa year 15 , april] to actually leave elementary school now...	小学校を退学になるとはな...。
let's go.	俺とやろうぜ
that they're truly participating	また 彼らに真の力が与えられるように
back in tijuana, we kidnap you, put you in an oil drum.	敵による誘拐だ
that wasn't what i meant...	今のは そういう意味じゃなくて。
a recent miscarriage.	流産の跡を除いてはね
i really enjoyed your report on the live aboard program.	お礼を言わなければと
by the way, your collar is frayed.	ところで 君の襟ボロボロだ
don't i speak well?	うまく話せるかしら?
a fan?	ファンなの?
the baby has been put into nicu.	川上さんと子供は 大丈夫? 赤ちゃんのほうは NICUに入って
i don't kill. i give them salvation! you should be grateful!	探していたもの おまえの主を
i only have a parttime job and keichan's...	大丈夫です 私はバイトだし 啓ちゃんは...
oh, we have a visitor?	なんだ お客さんか?
give me a ratio.	どの程度の威力だ?
i was going to give it to your dad.	芹菜のお父さんに あげようと思って
watching you.	ずうと見てるよ
i swear, how dare they treat their father like a fool.	まったく 父親のこと バカにしやがってよ。
thanks, everyone!	みんな泣いてるぜ。
what do you mean, cancel?	中止って どういう事だ?
sensei, please favor me.	よかった 先生 よろしくお願いします
there's one thing i want you to tell me.	一つだけ 教えてほしいんだけど。
it's just that... well...	[tel]えッ あの それって!
i'm sure you can look into it yourself. whoa, there. whoa, there, big fella.	自分で調べればいいでしょ おい どうした!
i can't believe chad got promoted again.	なんでジャドばっかり昇進する?
[game playing]	何をプレイしてる? - ゲームだよ
where is he? i don't know.	ーどこにいるか ー分からない
damn you, maureen.	勘弁してくれ
thank you, dragonballs!	ぬあーっ!
you can't suddenly just leave.	突然 出て行くなんて
very, very, very. what is it?	大変 大変 大変...。 なんだよ?
at mit media lab, along with my advisor hiroshi ishii	mit のメディアラボで 相談役の石井 裕さんやー
it'll be all right, fusco.	心配しないで ファスコ
i'm just following the chief prosecutor's orders.	私は部長検事の指示に従ってるだけですよ
i know, it's okay. okay. okay.	大丈夫?
and doesn't begin to show	これでは 今明らかになっている
senator, this was no accident.	議長、これは事故ではなかった
i hope to arrive at new territories	新しい領域に足を踏み入れて
you did good.	よくやったわ
my friend's a big guy wearing sweats.	友人は汗をかいて大きな男だ
as they are in europe	堕落してしまう
that there's nothing more painful than childbirth	出産ほど痛いものはないでしょう
oh, my god! we're gonna fucking die!	みんな殺される!
we only report victories.	勝利だけを報告すればいいのさ
'hello! it's mary. leave a message.'	[どうも メアリーです メッセージをどうぞ]
i hope he was happy...	楽しかったらいいんだけどなあ...
do not let them get away.	どうやって?
listen, i wanted	ねえ 今度ぼくと...
recently announced from the island of flores in indonesia	最近ではインドネシア フロレス島でも 同様な発見がありました
and my memory? okay.	記憶に触れられるのよね? OK
is that those imagemaking regions	このように神経マップの
it's my mother.	これ私の母よ
among the most favorite ted speakers	講演者の仲間入りをするには
the whole world is going crazy.	世界中が 狂い始めてる
then nam gets us the rest of the way.	そうすればナームは残りの道へと 案内してくれる
we were risk takers, of course.	我々はリスクを冒すことも辞しませんでした 当然ですよね
what the?!	バキ! 痛っ! 何すんだよ~!
avery parrish?	エイブリー・パリッシュさん?
with the size of the visible light spectrum.	比べてみました
thank you. thanks.	ありがとうございました。 どうも。
after that, we found tamai keisuke's fingerprints on the lost articles.	あの後 遺留品から 玉井恵介の 指紋が検出されてな
maybe that's the solution you'll like best.	まあ そのほうが お互い すっきりするかもな
and how can i find hendricks?	ヘンドリックスはどこにいる?
i don't think we could've chosen a better group to represent the excellence, sportsmanship, and friendship the games stand for.	ゲームスを象徴する 卓越とスポーツマン精神 そして友情を 体現する... 最高の人選だと 信じています
for pulmonary hypertension called flolan	とても強力な治療薬があります
set up the station, and all conditions are met	基地を建設し 諸条件が整った場合
too much,unfortunately.	残念ながら
you don't	そんなに...
hold on. hold on... last time...	黒羽盗一 最後のマジック...
it's all right now.	今 助けるぞ
you have extremely thick skin	本当に面の皮が厚いな!
hank. hey. carrie.	ハンク - キャリー
what? what's that rebellious look for?	えっ? あら 何 その反抗的な目。
and you can't empty... no.	―それにこのポンチを空にも出来ないし・・・ ―そうなの。
and inside them are uranium dioxide fuel pellets.	中に 二酸化ウランの燃料ペレットがあることです
oh, over here.	こっちです
daisy's the same way.	デイジーも それと同じだ。
now, clearly we're not going to put a couple of electrodes on his head	もちろん 電極をいくつか付けただけで
some magic.	魔法が
because of the revolutionary tucker rear engine...	火を消すな
gentleman here to see you.	人が訪ねてきている
okay, come on!	行くぞ!
grab the ammonium nitrate. speed up the condensation?	硝酸アンモニウムを!
nothing he loved more than jazz music and women's titties.	ジャズを愛してた おっぱいも
final warning. manual override failed.	最終警告 手動補助装置は停止
are you tired? no, no i'm fine.	おおきになぁ。 あっ いえいえ。
as you did with the man in your apartment.	アパートでしたように
but this weekend is the shimanami cup.	しかし 週末は しまなみ杯
what are you guys looking for anyhow?	何を探してるんだ?
i don't know how you pulled this off. this is a national campaign. with super bowl spots.	スーパーボウルの間に流す 全国放送にお前なんか
i have no doubt she'll pass every one.	彼女なら問題なく パスするわ
you see this adventure watch, i made it.	この冒険ウォッチ... これは僕が作ったんですが
but why attack?	でも なぜ襲うの?
it's just 'cause i don't have time to buy booze.	買いに行く 時間が無いんだ
alongside of me	そしてどれだけこの体験を共有したいかを
a mistake.	失敗だ
this is...	ほー これが噂の夏目か
on may 11th last year	昨年の5月11日に
the disease is part of its original blood.	その病弊は 原種の血を引くものである
for every 100 dollars worth of assets	このプログラムで 100ドルの価値があるものを
write your name here.	說什麼呢
you want to know for sure, why don't you ask him?	そんなに知りたいのなら何故本人に聞かない?
well, i can't.	俺には無理だ
i, um, had to move around quite a lot to hide from them.	彼らから隠れるために頻繁に移動してたの
i assume you accept her apology.	彼女の謝罪を 受け入れますか?
let's be positive now. we're going to get positive. how did this happen?	前向きになりましょう どうしてこうなったのか考えましょう
but then something happened.	6,500万年前に
or something clawing at the ground.	地面を爪で引っかく物だな
we can't leave. we're already home. trapped.	逃げられない 最悪だ
but see, that's the problem.	ほらぁ それが問題なの
where's the money coming from?	金はどこから出てるんだ?
i picked up dinner. tacos.	夕食を作ったわ... タコスよ グアカモーレの気分なの
there's no notes on him.	彼についての記載は無い
a mysterious ball.	不思議な球だ
maybe you'd regain confidence if you spoke to me.	話して下さい。 何か 力になれるかもしれない。
so gradually raise social security retirement age	いくつかその理由となる例を挙げましょう 退職年と給付開始年を
haplotype k1a1b1a	ハプロタイプ K1a1b1a を
what i want is a little smile.	僕が欲しいのは ちょっとした笑顔だよ
i'm so sorry if i'm not interested in international arbitrage.	あいにく 僕は国際的な 金融取引には興味ないんでね
be careful out there?	その事分かっている?
who is he? i don't know.	誰? 知らない。
shit! ah...	あああ!
hey, don't start this if you don't want to finish it.	おい けりを付けたくないなら やめろ?
it's obvious they were selected by design.	明らかに 意図的に選ばれてますね
this is a system that relies on kindness and trust	これは親切と信頼に依存したシステムであり
it's extraordinary to watch.	見ていると本当に 感心します
the real question is, how do you live with yourself afterward?	本当に大事なのは その後どう向き合うかだ
this smells great, mommy.	いい匂い
obey me, andre!	言うこと聞け アンドレ!
hey! pete, look	ピーター 悪かったよ
how 'bout you put the weapon you got under the counter	カウンターの下で構えている 武器を
who are we working for? and are we prepared to go to jail for them?	この状況を利用する
that's what the doctor said to me.	「そう言われたんです お医者さんに」
can you check the contents of that black leather notebook?	あの黒革の手帳の中身を 確認してもらえますか
without tearing down another tree.	そこに並んで建てられる様を想像できます
as i recall, he passed away 10 years ago, right?	確か 10年前に 亡くなったんですよね?
she's on the move.	動いてる
i'm going to gather the sales documents and come back. until then.	売却の資料なんか 集めて また お伺いしますんで。 では。
your wish finally came true.	念願叶ったりじゃん
if you truly believe this is beyond the scope of your calling...	これが契約外の仕事だと言うのなら...
yeah, she said we're the only married couple she knows	そうじゃない 正式な夫婦で
i... remembered something really basic.	僕はね 基本的なことを思い出したんだ
intercept those torpedoes.	強大な軍事力を持つ彼らに対し
he lives together with kohaku...	あの医者は? 琥珀さんと一緒に住んでいる方で。
also, i activate shining rebirth from my hand!	さらに 手札より 「シャイニング・リバース」を発動!
jakuchu's grave. it's in fushimi.	若冲の墓です。 伏見に ある。
i'm sorry for keeping it a secret.	何 これ? うん?
to abandon a line of research when it isn't working out.	研究をやめるのはつらいですね
what have you told them? nothing.	あとでって言ったよ
i'm 23 years old. i'm with my brother, timothy alan russell.	ケイリー・ラッセル 23歳 彼は弟のティモシー
by the beginning of may	5月初旬の頃までには
i will stake my life to protect the people of this town.	ボクが 命にかえても この町の人間を守り抜く。
i'm talking balls.	勇気がいるぞ
you're all worn out! i'm getting tired of this.	出るなら 早く出てきやがれ》
why didn't she miraculously wake up this morning?	なぜ今朝 奇跡的に目覚めなかった?
just the insurance company.	ただの保険会社よ
for our final trick, we're gonna do something never before seen on a las vegas stage. or any stage for that matter.	ワクワクする犯罪だ
remember, short controlled bursts.	接近戦だぞ
without any risk in wonderful greenways	何の危険もなく 素晴らしい緑道の上を進めます
heat blast saturation!	ヒートブラスト・サチュレーション
did you finish it?	勝ったか?
but if something went south on your op	だが上とも調整して
i'm a photographer. i have a press pass.	僕はカメラマンだ
lannister, baratheon, give me one good reason why i should waste a single thought on any of you?	ラニスター、ブラセン わしが一つを選ぶ 明確な理由を 説明してくれないか
you? i read your medical reports.	医者からの メールを見ました
can all animals talk?	動物は話せるのか?
what, huh?	何だよ おいッ
oh, but more importantly, are you purroperly eating?	ああ もういい
who are you?	誰だ? (聞こえるか?
just close 'em.	さぁ目を閉じて
i ain't interested in instituting one.	例外は認めない
i remember you tossing me into an abyss.	お前に奈落の底へと...
help yourself.	自分を大事にして
i'm not use to being called madam.	でも 50代の半ばになって 突然
laurel and me, i mean.	ローレルと俺 つまり
this is the strongest evidence showing that the curse of masakado was involved.	これこそ 将門の祟りであるという 何よりの証拠です。
oh, and i noticed you had some sort of gunky buildup in the front end here.	あとフロントに何かドロドロの物が体積してました。
angus.	アンガスだ
kiss my ass.	俺のケツにキスをしろ
as the din, drama and death of the hospital ward	病棟のざわめき、人間ドラマ、死が
if i looked away, the clan would be in chaos.	これを見逃せば 家中は乱れるばかり。
argh! dammit, tachibana, how many times are you going to interrupt?	なぁ コーラ橘 お前何回邪魔すりゃ気が済むんだよ
like the torture you'll be tortured with.	貴様らが拷問される 拷問の様に
a new species set loose in the world.	新種が自然界に逃げ込んだ
you'd better stay up.	まったくです。 金より銀のほうが➡
and which patient would that be?	どの患者のだね?
l'm leaving the end of the week.	そうだ 待ってくれ
next e on, now, give me something on the field.	さあ 置いて
which is why we need a damn good investment banker.	証券引受け業者が 必要な理由です
dead man is scrambling to run away	逃げようと足掻いた「デッドマン」共だ
i won't tell her that you said that.	彼女にあなたが 言ったと伝えとくわ
and the entire valley goes crazy.	観衆はみんな大騒ぎです
gimme this.	これを
that's why... my paper wanted to get the, erm... the full story straight from the horse's mouth.	それなんです それを本人の口から 直接お聞きしたかったんです
and no one seems to know what happens when you get to the end.	誰も何が起こってるか知らないようだ 君が目的に到達する時
these pictures were left in your digital camera.	これ あんたのデジカメに 残ってた写真や。
a shiite muslim stationed at camp david. died of unknown causes two weeks ago.	1人はシーア派 2週間前に原因不明の死を
we're producing it from your old stuff	我々はこれを皆さんが使い古した物から作り
that's right!	な... 何っ? そ... それで➡
no. i'm sorry.	いいえ、すいません
i swear,i didn't kill takada!	俺は誓って殺してない
stop putting up a front!	地雷亜 やめろ!
my father told me he planned to expand his trade route to sumatra and borneo, but i don't think he was looking far enough.	父は貿易ルートをスマトラとボルネオに 伸ばすつもりだと話していたわ でも、私はそれが最善とは思えない
you're gonna save that woman's life.	彼女を救うのよ
bennett, what have you done?	ベネット・・何てことを?
get in here!	入ってくれ!
it's more romantic.	その方がロマンティックだ
it's beyond logic....	ロジックを超えてる...。
are these turret holes	この銃眼です
you're wellknown for this feeling even at school?	学校にも 知れ渡ってる感じ?
oh, and...	ああ そう あんたの弁護士
they tell me to find the tapes	テープを見つけろと言うんだ
keep quiet.	静かに
my memo.	メモ。
it's more dignified.	ずっと威厳がある
i'll be there in a minute.	今すぐ行く
bella	ベラ...
on the floor.	床に伏せて
carl bryant...	まずカール ブライアント
he could ask that because he knew new yorkers	コッチがこのように質問できたのは
what are you talking about? trust me.	出てったら 後悔するわよ
but it'll be useful after their graduation!	学校卒業しても使えるような 生きた英語力が身につくはずです
and... i...	そして 俺は...>
there should be an exit somewhere to toss the rubble that was dug out.	掘ったガレキを出すための出口が どこかにあるはずだ
ha ha ... boring	はあ... つまらん
at brigade.codeforamerica.org	brigade.codeforamerica.orgでご確認できます
i invited him to surprise you guys.	みんなを驚かせたくて 小川を招待したんだ。
that's what being at the top is.	上に立つ者の役目なんだから。
that my family began	私たち一家が
my baby has to survive. please.	赤ちゃんを救って
let's go back home	アニキ! ほっとき ほっとき!!
jesus, he's gotten old.	すっかり老けたな
yes, when i get curious about something, i like learning about it right away.	加賀四湯って言って 山中温泉...片山津温泉...
if you cannot afford an attorney, an attorney will be appointed for you...	弁護士に依頼する 余裕ない場合は 公選弁護人を...
you take 10 kilograms of feed	1kgの牛肉を生産するのに
whose lab was this? sweeney todd?	誰の研究所だ スウィーニー・トッド?
all right, so let's watch this clip again.	もう一度ビデオを見ましょう
what? no george?	ジョージじゃなくて?
i'll take a look.	見せてもらうわ
i just thank god that you're alive	《正ちゃんが生きててくれただけで 神様に感謝だから》
who are you?	逃げられたのは誰ですか?
i told you i don't need to study to make a living. i have a lot of shares.	持ち分多いから 勉強しなくても食べていけるって
in resolution have actually come from	MRIシステムの内部にある ―
i had a nice life	私はよい人生を送っていました
grace, everything isn't your fault.	グレース すべてが君の責任というわけじゃない
a quarantine around central london is in effect, we've been told to expect...	これからの状況次第では...
that's not right.	そう簡単じゃない
so... 10 000 yens if you keep silence.	どうだ 黙って立ってるだけで 1万円だぞ
i give it six months.	6ヶ月やるよ
until then, you've got laundry duty and i want my uniform washed separately and pressed.	それまでは洗濯番をして 私の制服を... 別々に洗いアイロンかける
it's here.	こちら本部 了解した
and then it was okay.	そこで視界が開けた
laugh it up now, while you still can!	もう少し先です。
so, why us?	で どうして うちに?
we're talkin' about the kansas city mafia.	相手はカンザス・シティのマフィアよ
that we'd be friends.	私達は友人だから
i learned that everything he did to manage his excess saliva	唾液の過剰分泌を抑えようとして彼がやったことは
it looks like skin.	剥いだ皮の様だ
because you smarter than the rest.	他の奴より賢いからだ
humiliated is a such a strong word.	「屈辱を味あわせてやる」 そんな汚い言葉
you want me to do house calls	我々の新しい家に 穴など開けたくないからね
since you've been trying to be independent from your parents.	親離れしようと ずっと もがいてたからな
well then take care of me. thank you.	じゃあ お大事に。 ありがとうございます。
if it's a hundred million, we'll pay.	1億なら支払うだろう
nurse?	君?
please don't tell my sister.	姉上には言わないでくださいよ。
so wouldn't it be formerdoctor kirishimasan's turn?	ここは 元医者でもある 桐島さんの出番って事ですか。
it's only money.	うちの被害は金だけだ
no, even just a walk is fine.	プロポーズ?
what the hell are you doing? !	なにしてる
or ideological or monumental in their global impact.	人間の顔をつけるのです
when i grew up, this was basically the media environment of my childhood	私の子ども時代のメディア環境を
ryan, you convinced me that in a quiet way, we could clean up the mess that percy made.	ライアン、これで決まりね... このパーシーが造った過ちは 一掃すべきよ
two victims from the same firehouse	同分署から2人の犠牲者、 しかも、死因も同じ・・・
grenade!	手榴弾だ!
by the way mikiosan...	ちなみに 美喜夫さん
i was just checking. i hope you don't get too sunburned.	確認よ 日焼けし過ぎない様に
what is this?	な... 何だ その格好は?
i've... never smoked before.	オエ...。
true, it gives us his location.	場所はわかったが
want some credit for my phone and all.	電話代溜めてんのよ
well, at the time i did this 10 years ago	私が撮影を行ったのは 10年前なので―
so i took mr. konishi kenji here.	そして 私も小西健司さんに ここに来ていただきたかった。
well, foie gras is a volatile dish.	フォアグラは火の通りが
with a staple gun.	ホッチキスで留めといたけど
it wasnt me. yeah, it was.	俺じゃねえ
and we're both alone without each other.	僕たちは二人とも孤独なんだ、 お互いの存在がなければ。
her way into quinn's office. she probably just used her, um... uh... uh...	彼女は旨くやってると思ったけど、甘い言葉にそそのかされて、
may fair. what?	メイ・フェア だよ
i love your son more than anything in this world and... ma'am, he loves me.	予定されたことでありますように 私は息子さんを 世界中の 何よりも愛しています それに...
is it true?	鶴屋流古武術って本当だったのか
what's happening?	"どうした?
i was, unlike now, a man as dangerous as a sharp blade.	私は 今と違って 研ぎ澄まされた
how can we repay your kindness?	このご恩には どう報いれば?
by the way, the stolen chip	ちなみに 盗まれたチップは
so it also bears the distinction	最も長い葉を持つ
and see, for example, the 3d structure	例えば3dで植生と建物を見たり
i'm not making myself clear.	スッキリしなくて
that's it, men!	やられちまうぞ
as i am in the great alaskan bush	アラスカの未開の地にいて
let's just say that hartley, like many outliers, had trouble relating to his peers.	研究仲間とも度々 トラブルを起こしていた
excuse me, what will i do next?	失礼、次は何をすると?
well, as a pervert	まあ 変態なりに 精一杯力の限り襲ってくれば
boss, rocky brown is here.	だから何だ? ここは脱獄絶対不可能と言われる
pops, give me a beer.	親父さん ビール。 はいよ。
when we choose between	互角の選択肢の中から
thank you. where you going?	今夜は どこへ?
and i will kill you, jacob.	そして彼を君は殺すんだ
i do.	わたし...
this is their homeroom teacher, mr. tabuki.	担任の多蕗です
i'm just gonna make sure help's on the way. i'm coming right back.	僕は救助を確認してくる 直ぐに帰ってくる
we actually more than keep up with it.	付いていく以上のことです
and when it was finally found again	あとになって発見された時には
ok. so, the first one i was very timid, and i'll begin.	一作目はとても控えめです では読んでみます
in the park... dance class?	ダンス教室の?
i'm in a meeting.	聞いてくれ 今会議の最中なんだ
and the uniqueness of a program in a building.	建築プログラムのユニークさを 見出すことの核心を成しています
i would never say that, even if i was dying.	な~んてことは 死んでも言わねえぞ。
plain jane boring, just like you asked for.	純粋無垢で 退屈なヤツだが
utagawasan, tomorrow, a private room is opening up so	宇田川さん 明日 個室が1つ空きますから
oh, lottie, that's swell.	まあ すごいわ
they create a middle office.	ミドル・オフィス を作ります
he betrayed our cause.	奴は約束を破った
you turned down the pharaoh's food taster.	王様の毒見役も断った
that i can help you better understand	あんたがより理解と記憶を深められる様に 助けてやれる方法があるのだ。
to the second animal	もう一方の個体に送り
could you take us to her?	会わせて
the test is over, callie. just let it go.	テストは終わってるんだ キャリー もう十分だろ
edmund burke. a philosophical enquiry.	エドモンド・バーク著 "哲学的探究"
what we could copy and what we could change.	どこを真似し どこを 改善できるか考えました
[ chuckles ] i couldn't agree more.	確かに
grandma.com would be a recipe for biscuits and spitbath instructions.	おばあちゃん.comはビスケットのレシピとつば磨きをお教えします
safe travels.	安全な旅を。
that i call passive observation.	手法を使っています
crewe.	クルー
the pagumon!	敵を なぎ払う メガフレイム。
i'm glad we're in the same class.	同じクラスでよかった
did you finished what you were working on?	仕事は終わったんですか?
ok, listen to me.	聞いてくれ
you got that, sakuragi? you try it.	分かったか? 桜木お前も やってみろ
they are not here.	いない・・・
have you always lacked selfesteem?	誰にもそんな態度か?
but then again, i'm probably biased.	私の陰が薄くなるかも 知れませんが
since the murder weapon turned out to be something from the victim's house	マルガイ宅にあったものが 凶器になっている事から
to go to the home of the client	自分がhiv感染者である事を
will be gone. what are you hiding from me?	なくなってしまうだろう
so here you have a diplomat in the real world	現実の世界の外交官が
all units, all units, code 99.	全部隊 全部隊 コード99
get back quick!	かつやく
in a particular gene called tp53.	欠損していることでした
oh, why?	わー
from this air about you	間野さん 雰囲気から
maybe that soothes some troubled waters.	波風も収まるかもしれないし
and i have to start drawing the stuff.	設計も始めました
how disagreeable.	但是没想到入侵者竟然是你们俩
come on.	持ってて
best to take the moment present	今この瞬間がいいんだ
with protective gear?	不是还有爷爷的防具么
why don't you help me.	君を助けて
the two of us are probably weird, after all.	わしら二人は中級なんです
to grow sophisticated body parts	複雑な構造の体組織 つまり
he's murdered too many of us.	彼は仲間の多くを殺した
two answers? there may possibly be a third alternative.	三つめの答えがあるかもしれません
no! we're not okay, dumbass!	大丈夫じゃねえよ、バカ野郎!
reporter murai who participated in this negative campaign	ネガティブキャンペーンに 加担した村井記者の
when you actually go and sit in one of these classrooms	実際、その学校の授業を参観した時
what? that's it.	♪♪「もみじみたいな 小さな手でも」
china burns half the world's coal each year	中国は 毎年 世界の半分におよぶ石炭燃料を消費します
what should i do? he thinks i'm a totally different person.	《どうしよう 完全に別人だと思ってる》
what do you think you're doing, you moron?!	これで勝ったと思うなよ。➡
here you go. enjoy!	抱歉 总觉得很在意 难道丹生谷同学对午睡那么有兴趣吗
is that it's not just in the developed world	先進国の仲間入りを果たそうとしている
no switching, no trading.	312号室. .
i'm really blowing my mighty alphorn.	自分のホルンを 吹いてるって
i don't like alec. i've never liked alec.	アレクは イヤだな そう呼ばれるのは嫌いだ
chris is saionjisan and amelia is me.	クリスが 西園寺さんで アメリアが私
mike, this is not about henry.	マイク ヘンリーじゃないわ
yeah, i want those things, too.	今さらかよ?
he's gone.	あいつは消えた
madam president...	大統領閣下
using a bunch of equations	現実の構造を説明しますが
i know that you figured out who pacifica really is, mr. berkens.	ベルケンスさん?
we can't be healthy	安全でなければ 教育も健康も保障できません
funny you should mention that.	おもしろい、あなたがそんなこと言うなんて
the time has come for all of us to contemplate our history.	今やって来た 諸侯
yeah, what if we did? we did that every day in college. why not, like, you know, check out a museum?	そのためにラテン語も受講した
it could be a spiritual adviser.	精神的な相談相手なら いるわ
i took his face in my hands and said	彼の顔を両手で包み
noooooooooo!	Noooooooooo!
just ... sodding off ? !	ただ 呪ってやる?
koikekun stole them.	小池君が盗んだんだよ
come on, don't say that.	さあさあ どうぞ
he's only six months old.	彼は存在して6カ月よ
yes, there was indeed some news.	ああ、もちろん
i would pass their sheet of paper.	今度も
your parents didn't wait for that to happen.	あなたの両親は そんな事はしたくなかった
goodbye and good riddance, malibu.	さよならマリブ せいせいした
this guy don't want you to have the money.	こいつは、お前の金なんて期待してねぇ」
okay, so just imagine she's in a red dress.	では 心の中で 彼女は赤いドレスを着てる
he's filling your mind, okay?	心の中をコナーで いっぱいにするんだ いいね?
your arms locked. mmhmm.	腕は固定
i wanted to give kokorochan the curry recipe.	こころちゃんに カレーのレシピあげようと思って。
message received.	君のメッセージは受け取った
to go live under those rules or not.	選択肢を人々に提供することです
olivia dunham has agreed to submit to the tests developed by science division.	ダナムが サイエンス課の開発した テストの参加に 同意した
agent gedge?	ゲッジ捜査官?
ruthlessly murdered by an arrow, from the warlord's bow.	冷徹に打ち放たれた矢に... 殺された
if you're going to look for where the change is happening	変化が起きている 場所を見つけるには
no! get off me!	放して !
i don't really have time to explain	説明してる時間もなさそうなの
the importance of coming to grips with values like justice	正義 公正 真実のような価値観を
probably not, but people like me do.	でも古代DNAを研究する私は
oh, god. look at that.	見ろ
people sometimes think that	一般に 人はそのような目標は
you'll need to access her medical records.	そのカルテが必要だ
heart rate, blood pressure, nerve conduction all normal.	体温 血圧 神経系 全て平常
to prosperity and global dominance in its field	世界的に この分野での リーダーになりました
again??	またかよ...
but inside?	中ではなかったか?
we find these people, we can get them to testify against ridley.	その人々を見つけ リドリーに対して証言してもらうわ
madam secretary's parupunte is an unpredictable and dangerous spell.	長官のパルプンテは所詮 何が起こるかわからぬ
he recommended you in the first place in order to investigate me.	彼は最初から 私を調べるために 君を秘書官に推薦したんだよ。
this is your home.	ここが そうよ! 違う!
there is a hymn that says that.	そんな讃美歌があるしね
what happened with the ballet teacher?	バレー教師はどうだった?
i know you do.	君なら
you agree with me, right?	いるんだよ。そうだろ? あんたにだって いるだろ?
but goran, before i had gotten in the water, had given me amazing advice.	ゴランは水に入る前に素敵なアドバイスをしてくれました
lost my wife car accident. 18 months before all this.	妻は交通事故で死んだ こうなる18ヶ月前だ
cover charge! really?	サービス料なの?
skeeter davis.	スキータ・デイヴィス
it was a false prophet trying to throw a monkey wrench into god's plan.	ニセ預言者だ 人を惑わせてる
locked into large facilities	抑制 禁止しています
what was it like?	どの様だ?
wait a second!	あとは俺が...。 ちょっと待った。
while you're in surgery, this will protect you.	手術の間 お母さんを守ってくれるよ
how is the trip?	旅はどう?
well, uh, i got a...	ええと、そうだな...
who shorted me on yesterday's delivery	そしてその人は 昨日の配達に関して短絡させた
locke?	ロックは
if that dragon shows either of his faces, i'm gonna...	どっちの頭でも出しやがれ 俺様が・・・
on the way!	撃て!
some individual services even bring it down by 90 percent.	中には90%も削減できるサービスもあります
a single fourfoot female had 300 million eggs	1.2mの雌マンボウ一匹が3億個の卵を産みます
hey, it's not.	ウソじゃない
be a zombie.	私がゾンビになったら
for everything that you did, so...	厳密に全力を尽くしてなかった
yeah, right.	ありません! ふ~ん。
you're a little piggy, dexter morgan.	だらしない部屋だな デクスター・モーガン
don't say meaningless things !	勝手に決めんな
said that they turned off their air conditioning and turned on their fans.	冷房を切ってファンをまわしています
i guess little shane over there has got quite the appetite.	"リトル・シェーン"が 飢えてると思ってな
knew that i'm the perpetrator.	私が犯人だって 知ってたと思いますよ
katia, are you hit?	カティア 撃たれたか?
are you going?	どこにいるんだ
what latest developments?	最新情報って?
the one true love.	そのたったひとりの相手に
i can't, my kid has a cultural festival.	あっ 駄目駄目 うちの子 文化系だから。
a scorching header from mountroy, and manchester united are back on top!	] [マウントロイが強烈なヘディング] [マンチェスターユナイテッドはトップに戻った!
cadavers may not be easily available.	解剖を体験することは難しくなっています
he doesn't know it, but he's a dead man.	許すことが出来ない
are either of you guys trinket?	はい トリンクさんは?
as dr. goldin says, within the next 10 years.	ゴールドイン博士が言ったように、10年のうちには
you never said that.	あなたは決して言ってない.
just sakura?	サクラ!
a reading from the holy gospel according to john.	聖ジョンについて聖書を読みましょう
please at least tell me who you are.	せめて どなた様かだけでも 教えてください!
esta calle est bloqueada.	《この通りは 閉鎖中です》
what? you guys getting a divorce or something?	何だよ 離婚でもするか? お前ら。
don't go no further.	進めないな
put the car in drive.	ドライブに
woo! upsy daisy!	うぉ~!!
crap, man, i'm sorry.	ヤバイ!
apart from antarctica.	各大陸にいました
s long as i keep the stuff out of my house, he ain't never coming back.	捨てれば 二度と戻ってこない
and i redefined policing concepts in india.	それがインドの警察のあり方を一新しました
i've made something of a miscalculation.	だがそれは 誤算を招いたようだ
my younger brother's in charge of all the work here.	こっちの仕事は 今 全部 弟に任せておりまして
but today the internet connects people with the same deviant tendencies.	けれど 今では ネットで 同じ仲間に出会える
and we need all the information on who rented it.	そこを借りた人物の情報もすべて必要だ
this was the poorest district in the whole province	州の中で一番貧しいエリアで、
it was made for that man to escape the sunlight.	オレが オレのために作ったんだよ!
what do we have here? wait.	何のようだ?待って
fast ship?	速い?
now that you mention it	いまさら おびえてる あなたがアホ。
then you probably won't like it.	じゃ たぶん好きじゃないかも
does lily's boss carry around a weirdly flexible cane that could smash a temple?	リリーの上司がその不気味で 折りたためる棒を持ち歩いてて こめかみを殴ったの?
i can't find her. we've looked everywhere.	色々探したけど見つからなくて
thank you for driving.	ありがと運転してくれて
superstars appearing together!	予想通り現れたようですよ
then they burned them.	全てを燃やした
no, why?	. - 無い.
when i win, i will give you half the cars.	私が勝てば、 半分の車を渡します
i'm definitely a libertarian.	僕は自由主義でして
she wants to date her exboyfriend more than me!	俺なんかより 元カレと 付き合いたいんだよ あいつは。
bad bull.	悪牛め!
shall i help you?	手伝う?
this is the threetails' fog... i see...	これは 三尾の霧。
my god, how are you even standing?	驚いたな どうして君が 立っていられるんだ?
why people changed their mind, and what type of group changed their minds?	なぜ考えを変えたのか どんなことで考えを変えたのか?
it hurts, it hurts, it hurts, it hurts! what? it hurts painful and it hurts.	痛い 痛い 痛い 痛い!? 痛い 痛い 痛い 痛い。
even if we don't like to admit it in public	表立って認めはしませんが
my story. such as it is.	そんな物があれば、だが
you guys fucked up on the order.	そ それは 五代目火影様の命令で。
a baby.	赤ちゃん
girl.	お嬢さん
whwhy am i in the trunk?	何でトランクなんかに...
how long have you been looking for us?	どれくらい捜してたの?
how else to describe this	これを集団の狂気という他に
dustin moskovitz and chris hughes. they were programmers.	同室のプログラマーでは無く
on the contrary, we rely on you to provide us with a fresh supply.	それどころか 新鮮な魂を供給する お前を当てにしている
which is that if i've learned anything over the last year	学んだことが事があります
good day, i'm from kichijoji station. what?	こんにちは 吉祥寺署の者ですが えッ?
liar.	うそつきめ!
you are no longer necessary.	お前はもう必要ない
i did two years at howard before i even enrolled in the tuskegee program.	ここに来る前は 2年間ハワード大学に
i know you beat your girlfriend.	お前が彼女を殴っていたのを
this is exactly what she wants.	リリーの思うツボだ
do you know who the king is?	明日が なんの日だか知ってるな?
i drew funny pictures of my teachers	先生達の面白い似顔絵を描いて
i think you're certainly not all right.	大丈夫だとはとても思えません
you see this light here?	ここにライトが
you're leaving?	もう出かけるのか?
and they clearly cheated in a very, very serious way.	そして もちろん皆真面目に不正を行うのです
or to that pillow for that matter.	そこにもね
yusei, what are you gonna do?	遊星は... どうするの?
you opened your lab a month after nora allen's murder.	ノーラの事件の1ヵ月後に ラボを開いてる
give me the knife!	ナイフをくれ
she's right.	よし 分娩台に移動しよう
why ... my tights ...	なんで...私の...タイツ...
you know that, don't you? yeah, i know.	判るでしょう?
to sign the magna carta	マグナ・カルタに署名するように強制しました
uh, quick question before you go.	切る前に ちょっとだけ質問
better rescue services to people trapped under the rubble	ハイチや もっと最近のイタリアでの地震の後に
you don't really have to tell me.	これは! すぐに ミナトに知らせねば。
you'll be late if you keep talking.	ウダウダしてっと遅刻すんぞ
did you make any progress?	進展はあったか?
he always went home at a regular time.	大体 定時に帰ってましたけど。
there's more,aren't there?	他にもいるんでしょ?
coming up a dune, there's this camel, looks like it's about to puke.	砂漠の上でラクダが 根を上げてる ようなもんだ
and closer into growth.	成長する世界へと近づくことです
underlying german education.	パラダイムまでもが PISAのデータで変化したのです
he escaped custody, left town.	彼は親権を避けて 町を去った
the centers for disease control	米国疾病管理センターは
40,000 units?	あれだ 人間か
how are they going to receive them and transport?	どうやって受け取り どうやって運搬するのか?
i told you.	突き放したようでよくないと言われた
that begins to hit every member of the team	入口から3日以上進めば
eh? you bend down that far? not cool and looks weired.	いや~。 えっ そんなかがむの? やだ なんか かっこ悪い。
you didn't come in on like a meteor or ...?	隕石に入ってたんじゃ?
well, hopefully you won't have to.	うまくいけば その必要はないよ
how long have i been asleep for? just over six hours.	私 どれぐらい眠ってたの?
oh, eddie, you're up, man.	エディーの番だ
your brother said we're almost ready to move out.	弟は準備が できていると
says here you stopped taking your meds. says where?	薬を飲まなくなったと
he said he'd meet if it's just two people.	二人なら会うと 言ったけど。 じゃあ あなたが?
because of that, it seems like you asked samuraisan a question.	「お好きなんですね?」 これは質問してんだよな。
i would experience what it was to be unequal.	私は「平等でない」という経験をしました
i just laid everything out on the table.	テーブルに広げた
is this a time to be sleeping?	寝てる場合か?
i never did.	クリスマスの時も...
i don't understand.	わかった 愛してる
wow. you got a nice tan in australia.	オーストラリアで良い具合に日焼けしたね。
something about a woman who can milk a cow.	女性の乳搾りは、エロいね
registered mail.	書留便だよ
skywalker has just landed, lord.	スカイウォーカーが着陸しました 閣下
those two guys from the marina, they jumped me and took her.	"港にいた男が2人 僕を襲い彼女を連れて行きました"
just say what you're trying to say.	一体、何が言いたいんだ
so having spent three and a half thousand on satellite tags	衛星タグには3500ユーロ出しましたが
i tried this this morning just to make sure it's still alive.	今朝まだ使えるか試してみました
irritation is poison to the body.	イライラは体に毒ですよ
i daresay it'll all be well.	一生 男性に会えないの?
and they're hitting a layer down there; it's called the deep scattering layer	深海音波散乱層という食べ物がたくさんいる
well, if he shits in the house you're cleaning it up.	家を汚したら 掃除して頂戴
you look the same.	変わってないな
you feel my hand?	私の手を感じる?
you actually like him.	実は 宇佐美さんは 彼のことが好きで
people on average would spend eight to 10 minutes having a lunch.	平均8から10分で昼食をすましていました
you and your stiff hair. [groaning]	あなたと硬直した髪ね
i told you, like, 50 times!	50回も言ってる!
what is it, shinkai?	なんだ? 新海。
her individual personality.	個性を見せてくれたのです
let's settle this with a duel.	デュエルで決着を付けましょう
if you don't, i'll crush you!	自分は災厄を招いてしまうと
i think he should be back by now.	もう戻ってるはずの 時間なんですけど...
you want to see her again, right?	また会いたいか?
mrs. wachlin, we know that this is a lot to take in, but if we're going to catch your husband's killer, we need your help here.	ワクリンさん 事件を解決するために あなたの力が必要なんです
one of the surprising facts about bacteria	細菌の驚くべき性質の1つは
he took out our deep space communications.	通信機器が壊された
this is it. the beach house.	・ここだよ ここ ビーチハウス
it was about three hours after lunch	3時間ほどのことでしたが その午後の終わりには
gotcha. gotcha. nope.	よし よし こっちも
lisa, why arent you claping?	リサ、どうして手をたたかないんだ? -しかし、パパ...
are you even afraid of him?	彼を怖れてる?
look over there.	あれ見て
is something troubling you?	悩み事っていうか...
see here, you!	そっか
i'm sorry.	その分 母さんの減らしてるだろ
no matter what happens, stay in school.	何があっても 高校辞めることはないからな。
you were check,ing out our uniforms?	ああ 衣装の参考にしったんが
jeanne? yes, well, her fatherwas	ジェンヌの?
good luck then. you're gonna need it.	グッドラック きっと必要になるぜ
starts to actually reveal some insights.	その意味が見えてきます
what is it?	回りくどいなぁ。
guys were lined up outside that door to fight me.	ドアの外で俺と戦うために 外に並んでた
days, at least.	数日 少なくとも
places became safer	そこはより安全になりました
not at all...	やっぱりなーんか引っかかるな
lovelynchan here can turn into a prism stone and transform into a guitar!	プリズムストーンになったり ギターに変身したり...>
come on!	さあ 絞り出せ
what's going on?	上だ!
in the first 37 percent of your dating window	デート相手の候補リストにいる 最初の37%は
the other one came off the minute she arrived.	他は着き次第、捨てたわ
and we were allowed to call this rope as a handrail.	このロープを 手すり代わりとすることが許されました
yeah. today's request was really hard.	ああ 今日の依頼もハードだったぜ。
just hand me a picture of drew marshall and i'll go away quiet.	ただドリューの写真を 見たいの
light stimulation is a standard tool for neurotherapy.	光刺激は神経療法では 標準的な道具だ。
if you like, i could get you an exclusive retainer.	特別扱いなら可能よ
you're hired. okay.	そのうちな
i need you to transfer...	ラモン・メジナに爆弾を付けた者が
tell daxos that i want him and 20 of his best eager, sober and ready for the next charge.	ダクサスに彼自身と 熱意があり冷静で覚悟ができている 選りすぐりの20人が必要と伝えよ
i led them to the north gate, so all the soldiers are distracted.	北門に導いた 兵士は皆混乱するだろう
until he actually achieved his objective	南アからアパルトヘイトを なくす目標を
i'm an offduty cop from chicago.	シカゴの警察官だが、今日は休みだ。
barely. and without armor, she's a sitting duck.	だが武器がダメで ドック入りだ
you got any leads?	何かわかったの
kurian? i thought	クリアンか?
why can only kiibousan enter?!	バランスか...。
right. that's the right answer.	そうだわ 正解だ
i said it before. please don't get me involved in you jobs.	言ったはずです。 もう僕には関わらないでください。
as planned.	お願いします。 世界は ヤマト計画に
ground forces?	"地上軍"?
the one thing that tyler wants more than anything else is his family back together.	あの子が何よりも求めてるのは 家族を元通りにする事
nothing personal, okay?	悪気は無いわ
mama, what nonsense!	やめてそんなバカなこと
how are you doing?	調子はどうだ?
it was like i was gone already, you know?	もうお終いだって 言われてる気がしないか?
no, i saw him at the hospital yesterday, and...	いいえ 昨日病院で会ったけど すぐに帰り--
he's so focused that he can work between beats of his heart.	鼓動のリズムで 集中するの 射撃も同じよね?
he killed himself.	彼は 自殺したんです
let me get you a cup of tea. have a seat.	あっ お茶でも入れましょう。 どうぞ。
she's really talented.	才能があって でも...
everyone here is out playing around at night.	皆で夜遊び
i'm inclined to think it may have declined	信頼が失われた活動や団体も あるかとは思いますが
this is probably the best time in the history of mankind	宇宙を愛する人類の歴史
diet is the preferred treatment than drugs	治療薬より ダイエットが優先された理由は
wasn't good enough. if you're talking	機能的でなかったということです
master chief, you're needed in tokyo.	またお前に関わった人間が 死んだな
what was it? what was it!?	なんだっけ なんだっけ...。
maybe not quite as dramatic as these, but you'll see them.	写真ほど劇的ではないかもしれませんが 見つかります
oh, what a misfortune...	大変だ
seems like a social experiment	あまり前例がない
agent susan cooper reporting for duty, ma'am.	スーザン・クーパー捜査官 任務をお受けします
i'm sorry...	ごめん ダメだよね
hey you guys	おっきい人だよねえ
who are you?	君は一体誰なんだ?
yes, i can restore it	そうだ、元に戻すことができるんだ
your shot	打てよ
mike ... he's a good guy.	マイクは善人よ
how is he? is he gonna come out of it?	サム つまりアリゾナ大卒の誰かから 最高の賛辞って事だね
she cleans hotel rooms. what could be important?	彼女はホテルの清掃係だ そんな重要なものがあるか?
it'll be definitely alright. it'll be a safe birth, trust me.	絶対 大丈夫。 無事に生まれてくる。
i'm just so used to that story.	通説だから何も思わなかったのよ
hurry! we have to stop her!	え? 停まる必要はなくなったな。
do not approach them for no reason!	むやみに近づくんじゃない!
hey, we should probably talk about what happened earlier.	正直に 話すべきじゃないの
sir doyle...	ドイルさん
my darling christine	"愛するクリスティン"
boo! boo! turn to the left!	神様やピッコロの故郷である ナメック星へと旅立った〉
i promised her i'd make a plan. get ahead.	約束したんだ 出世する
he didn't say.	教えてくれなかった
you wanted to know what was in my heart.	俺がどう思っているか 分かったろ
it was his.	そう 彼のだ
sure, you do, mitch.	君は 知ってるよ ミッチ
they are thinking that they don't want to be violent	暴れたくなんかない そう思ってる➡
doesn't feel the way you thought it would, does it?	予想してた気持ちと違うんじゃないかな?
i thought you were at home.	家にいたと思ってた
finding out about what i'm going to like in the future	これから何をしたいか考えていて一番役に立つのは
are you not?	どうして生きてるうちに言わないんだろう
and don't doubt that his next destination will be rome.	その後の彼の目標が ローマであるということに、 何の疑いもありません
not now.	お願い、今は
well, i choose.	これがその選択だ
despite the poverty that surrounded me.	夢見る能力を手に入れました
if your officers will let them have the crime scene?	彼らに 事件現場を任せてもらえますか?
we don't want to check that out, do we?	確認 なんてしないな?
what is this place?	ここはどこだ?
we need to reunite the economic and the political spheres	経済と政治の領域を 再び合体させねばなりません
the insurance office?	保険屋の事務所で?
but remember he is a robot!	ロ...ロボット?
and i may have been living vicariously through you.	自分の事みたいに苦しんでたよ
we need to know who had access to it.	ここに出入りできた人物を調べよう
i'm not worried.	心配なもんか
no, it's not that nothing i could not do.	《いや 何もできなかったのではない》
so let's run through the things you've got to include	プレゼンに含めなければならないことを
my uncle's coming to check up on me 'cause my folks are out of town.	叔父さんが来ている 両親が旅行中なの
while the future of war may involve	より多くの機械が
leave the tent. leave everything. we're gettin' the hell outta here.	テントは捨てろ 逃げるぞ
and you said she had a silver stick?	そして、彼女は銀色のスティックを持っていたんですか?
this is real!	真実なの!
oh, my dear boy, no. okay.	これで僕の論文をホーキング博士に
so pimp my carroa is a large crowdfunded event	「ゴミ収集カート、改造大作戦?」は カタドールや彼らのカホッサを支援する
the third point, probably	3つ目のポイントは
for every hacker that's trying to steal your identity	個人情報を盗もうとするハッカーに対して
i wanted to draw the mountain into the west, into our country where we could surround him and kill him.	私はマウンテンを西に誘き寄せたかった 我が国に誘い込み包囲すれば殺せた
i know.	分かっていることといえば
who know that we are aboveaverage drivers	自分の運転は平均以上だ と思っていますから ー
sutton can be a dangerous enemy.	サットンは危険な敵だ
it's just a simple matter of political will to do it.	つまり単に政治的な意思の問題なのです
stardust dragon and red demon's dragon disappeared.	我が魂! レッド・デーモンズ・ドラゴン!
todd is right. forget cyril. he's harmless.	そうよ シリルは心配ないわよ
your name?	貴方のお名前は?
what was it, carl, was it one of those, if i can't have her, no one can?	それはどうでしょう もし彼女を射止められなければ...
oh, i get it all the time.	これが普通なの
i've a way out. interested?	出口を知ってる 興味ある?
i lost kantarosama	誰か来て! 勘太郎様が!!
i will be killed if i stay here!	ここにいたら殺される!
boss would you mind going back there? ok ok.	ボス そこに戻っていいですか? OK OK。
you're seeing this kind of approach	タイムズ・スクエアを塗装してから 同じようなアプローチが出てきました
they did.	そうよ
sukesan needs 5,466 more summer experience points.	すけさんは あと5466ポイントの ひと夏の経験が必要だ。
c'est lui pour moi. moi pour lui	♫彼は私のため、私は彼のため♫
it's correct?	撮影していると言っても いいでしょうか?
we should have come here sooner!	私たちもリングに上がったほうが いいでしょうか。
i'll be right back, okay?	ご案内いたします
and then you look at how much water input was put into them	どれだけの水が使われたか そして
are you with us ?	あなたは、我々の味方ですか?
yeah, i feel like i know sharon, too.	シャロンにも感じるが―
worrying the manager?	でも 店長さんは
so he's gonna be somewhere around the perimeter	だから、この辺にいるはずだ。
ahhh...at the ski training camp	あ~ スキー合宿の...。
or discreet elements.	考える必要が 無い事を意味しています
no, no. not me.	いやいや 僕はね
interesting and sustaining.	面白いと人気が長続きします
what do you want?	望みは何?
you're right.	ok トミー...あなたが正しいわ
that we keep being given	何度も、
we'll ask them.	彼らに頼むのさ
what is she doing?	ちょっと 何するのよ
the decline of ice on the field of education! ice. n oh yes.	教育の現場の退廃 氷! 氷。nあ~ はいはい。
captain.	船長
what is it?	何だろう?
is she breathing? eugene!	息はしてるのか?
his father had emigrated from italy and had stoked coal.	父親はイタリア移民 石炭をくべる
maester aemon awaits you in his chambers a raven from king's landing.	マイスター・エーモンが 執務室でお待ちです 鴉が キングズランディングから来ました
i'll do what you need!	何が望みだ? 私は何でもする。
there is no bad vegetation.	うん ないな ベジータは ないない。
given that microbes travel around with people	微生物が人々を介して 移動することを考えると
it cant be... bring the stretcher, well head there for the rescue!	そんな... 担架だ すぐ救出に向かう!
everyone and their mother's in the game right now.	今はみんな携帯を
twenty years ago, in 1960 our federal government payroll was less than $13 billion.	20年前の1960年.. 連邦政府の人件費は130億ドルでした
that i could keep him from dying ever.	私は彼を死から遠ざけておける と信じていたのです
grandma, i'm sorry.	ばあちゃん ごめん
works in the central shimin hospital now.	中央市民病院で バイトしてるのよ。
and drier, but montana agriculture depends especially on irrigation	モンタナの農業は殆ど 雪原からの灌漑に
yeah!	♪yeah!
kazuo, who is living as a student in tokyo came too.	〈東京で 学生生活をしている 一男お兄ちゃんも
you can call me claire. i'm rani.	クレアって呼んでね 私は ラーニ
and so they helped the just one.	彼らは正しい者を救った
same name of the actor in herbie, the love bug. he won't know who that is.	ディズニー野郎の名前を名乗れるか?
and finally, some people say, well, you know	そして最後に、自分が
actually, i'm close to your place right now.	いや 今 ちょっと 近く来てて。
kushinada nemuru, from my class.	僕のクラスの
well, i knew...	知り合いに・・・
the alignment of the worlds.	世界の配列
that's boring, shiraishi!	つまらんぞ白石!
crimes the government considered irrelevant.	政府は その犯罪に対処しない
yeah. yeah, well, most people collect for sentimental reasons.	たいていの人は 感傷的な理由のために コレクションをする
okay? everything is gonna be fine.	これで いこう すべて うまくいく
and i want to thank her today.	今日この場を借りて 彼女に感謝します
if you have the time to be joking around, hurry up and go take this!	そんな冗談言ってる暇があったら 早く持ってけ
so whatever you think you should do, do the opposite.	お前の意思とは逆の行動を 取らせる事もある
and it would go on the internet, and then people could make maps like that.	ネット上に上げるのです だから誰でも地図も作れるのです
you've been flying ever since with anyone who'd get in the plane.	あなたは飛行機に乗る人とは 誰とでも一緒に飛んだわ
well, why don't you sponsor us?	スポンサーになってよ
and when making connections is of the essence	そして 関わりあうことが極めて重要な場合
i went oldschool traced her movements on the ipad, based on the ridge detail left on the screen.	基本に戻って -- 画面に残った 彼女の動きを追った
ah. now he looks like somebody. people showing him respect.	皆が尊敬の念を 示しているような人物
also isn't this all over already?	それに もう全部 終わったんじゃないんですか?
you've got nothing to worry about. i've seen how you handle sharks.	君なら心配ない サメを処理した男だ
have you slept since you arrived?	到着してから眠った?
okay, well, full disclosure, it was actually my buddy's sister's bug.	本当の事を言うと 友人の妹のバグなんだ
we will.	また来ます
do you know what it's like trying to draw with somebody looking over your shoulder?	血を嗅ぎ分ける吸血鬼の勘が 下水道で見つけるわ 彼らが見落とすー
why the hell are you two here?	お前ら 何で ここに
watching him for 24 hours a day wasn't pointless after all.	えっ? この24時間の監視は→
wait and my father is here ...	待って 父がここに...
that he needed to stand up and be counted as someone who cares.	彼に必要なのは 立ち上がる事です 気にかける事を 重視してきた者として
yeah.	そうね その通り
10 million dollars producing an effect	一千万ドルも使って どこにでもあるあの
you're a honest girl, aren't you, sakurako?	律儀よね 桜子ちゃんって。
wrong!	それは...。 違う!
okay. well, ii got it.	それは私が
to fight! to fight!	戦い方も変わる。
that has not been released.	真新しい曲を用意しました
i guess we should...	もう...
wearing student clothing and holding a knife.	そっちが 学生服 着てるころから 包丁 握ってんだから。
my wife and son have just come. i've been here a while.	妻と息子は来たばかり 俺だけしばらく住んでいる
franco, thank you so much.	クリス:フランコ どうもありがとう
it's not?	日焼け止めを塗ってないの
your father gave me my own brand.	君のお父さんは私自身の商標をくれた
ah. he's about to make his move.	あっ。 パパ 投げるよ。
that was agua blanca pd. they found the victim's car.	アグアブランカ警察からだ 被害者の車を見つけた
i don't wash my hands after doing my business.	2つめは 便所に入っても 手を洗わんヤツ。
yeah, it was wiped clean.	ああ それはきれいに拭いた
i have to find a good job.	ちゃんと就職しなきゃ いけないことぐらい
lift that up and win my truck!	近くに寄ってください、 そしてトラックを手に入れて!
and in fact, a few years later in 2000	数年後の2000年には
all of it.	全てだ
they won't accept that i'm is.	親なのに 私がISだってこと 受け入れられない。
that we call hydras	HyDRASという名前です
i came back because laurel's in trouble.	彼女はまだ困ってる サラ
never mind! danzo comes first.	ネジ兄さん! いや待て それ以上近づくな。
horiike kiyomi's lost time has ended.	堀池 清美の ロスタイムが 終わりました。
and it brought me straight into the conservation fray.	ここから私の自然保護の戦いが始まりました
deep breaths.	深呼吸して
so without gps	gpsなしでは
who's next?	次は誰よ?
what do you mean?!	なんや それ? どういうことだい?
he's going to walk in, shake hands, and walk back. and that's it.	彼は歩いて行き 握手をして戻る
it would have been possible.	隆司だったかも しれないのにね~。
we need him here.	彼を必要としてるの
why, did one goat out on you?	山羊を見たのか?
wait!	待たせやがって
earning shit money, as i geare up to take my series 7.	クソ儲かる 米国証券資格を受ける準備をした
that's it...	そんなことはねぇ
completely reversed the ecological destruction.	生態系の破壊を逆転させた
barbie told me what you guys were into.	バービーから あなた達の事聞いた
ms. molinari of the ntsb.	国家運輸安全委員会のモリナーリさんだ
i am not a nice man.	僕は いい人間じゃない
we did a major operation for no reason.	理由もなく大手術した
ai are only born with objectives.	AIだけ目標と共に生まれてる
there are numerous inherited faults	原因となる
have closely related dna sequences	アフリカ内で見るDNA配列に
this is the police. open up.	警察です、開いてください。
do you understand immediate family? you want to question dr.	「直系家族」の意味が分かるか?
wait. you said candidates.	待って 候補者って言ってたわね
the headmaster is your advisor?	あれ? 学園長? うちの顧問なの。
and he's close, man. you gotta hide now!	近くまで来てる、隠れるんだ。
sixty bucks for gas, food, lodging, everything?	今後の経費に60ドル?
only,this time... you're gonna do it for me unofficially, under the radar,no paper trail...	ただ、 私の元でやってほしい 非公式に、目立たないように、跡のないように
it's okay.	怪しい者じゃない
they were thoughtful people, educated people, decent people.	思慮深い人たちで教育もありまともな人たちでした
you see, the first wave of managers	つまり 当初の幹部は
i was in the infirmary.	診療所にいた
18 years?	18年?
i always thought i'd have a grand story to tell.	歴史に名を残せると 思ってたんだ
do you want to take away both ? the violin and the family too, both ?	両方 とれると思ってた? バイオリンも家庭も 両方?
i thought things were going to be pretty tough at home.	うちって よそより 堅いぐらいだと思ってた。
if you don't get angry, i would like to talk about something.	もしも... もしもの話だから 怒らないで聞いてね。
i was relieved they did not.	口づけされなくてよかった
i will buy you a good home somewhere in the city.	都の何処かに立派な家を君に買う
how do you know that word?	どうやって知ったの?
now that's more impressive	言葉にもなりません
no matter whether i'm facing a giant elephant	目の前にいるのが 巨大なゾウであろうと
something was off.	ツキがなくて...
she lied to me..	彼女、俺に嘘をついていたんです。
i was so worried about you.	心配してたのよ
make it quick.	早く済ませよ。
a bomb?	ダメ!
i'm... i'm sorry.	済まなかった
i won't leave him!	わかったわ
everyone, report the situation!	みんな 現状を報告してくれ。
i can't have remy... look, it is remy.	レミーは私をよく知っている
stimulation for children that have psychological impairments.	心理学的障害のある 子供達に創りました
move to the other limo, i'll cover you.	乗り換えを! 援護します!
good morning, kenny.	おはようございます
you think they're abducting the girls to harvest their skin.	つまり、誘拐の目的は 生きた人間の皮を剥ぐ為だと?
and why do you think my son and mr. white would be in touch?	なぜ息子が 先生に連絡してると?
that degenerate out there! he replaced my girl, maria!	入るな変態 マリアを連れて来い!
i met my reserve, and there's still two minutes.	元は取ったけど まだ2分ある
we are trying to encourage people	みんなにも参加を促し
who's behind the camera flash?	カメラの明かりだ 後ろに誰がいる?
shooting star dragon, attack sleeping giant thud!	シューティング・スター・ドラゴン 眠れる巨人ズシンを攻撃!
i'm not sure it's that simple.	そう単純じゃない
grow up from that point in her life.	成長できなかったんでしょう
some small pennsylvania town.	列車が故障した
and i don't want to live in a world with no integrity.	こんな世界に住みたくない 誠実さもなしで
just tell us your damn theory.	ブライトアーチへ戻る間に 話すよ
on on what?	な... 何に?
how about your alibi from 4 pm to 6 pm?	夕方4時から6時のアリバイは?
next time.	またね
is that not how it works?	你打算把選稿工作全都扔給我做嗎
half coke, half tea?	紅茶とコーラを半分ずづ
keep it under 40 next time. have a good evening.	次回は40マイル以下に維持して 楽しい夜を
it's faint, but i can still sense them.	《かすかだが まだ感じるぜ。
of an adrian peterson bursting through the line	タックルする選手を 腕を張って押しのける
i'd like to talk to you about an opportunity.	ある機会について、お話をしたいのです
one day, i may be able to understand an incomprehensible person like you.	いつか 君みたいな不可解な人を 理解できるかもしれない。
it's strange to live off them.	やっぱ 食べるのって おかしいよ。
i've spent the last six months activating everything i can get my hands on.	イェーガー乗りを 捜して6ヶ月になる
oh, and i'm looking forward to having you in congress, oren.	君の当選が楽しみだ オーレン
half my team's been reassigned to this visitor task force.	チームの半分が ビジター特別対策本部へ異動 気掛かりなのは ビジターだけじゃ無い
what the hell you guys talking about?	おまえらは何のことを 言ってるんだ?
officer manzon, you'll be on the floor watching foot traffic at the v.i.p. room, in case the fuentes brothers roll through.	マンゾン捜査官はフロアーにて vipルームを監視していて フルエンテス兄弟が現れるはずよ
but i've seen you before?	前に会ったことあるよね ええ
this is on the street for a reason.	そのために路上に作ったんだからさ」
so, i know what you're thinking:	皆さんがどう思っているか分かりますよ
who asked you to do that? uh, you did.	誰がそんな事頼んだの?
but you drop 25 of those veterans in joplin, missouri	このような退役軍人を25人 ジョプリンに向かわせると
hey, you his trainer? no, i'm not.	トレーナーか?
i am not buying it. for your own sake, go home.	帰ったほうが身のためだ
i came here today because there have been reports of people seeing ufos with this mark.	ufoがこの印と一緒に目撃 されてると聞いたから
mrs hudson, why does sherlock think that i'll be moving back in here?	ハドソンさん シャーロックは何で 僕がここに戻ってくると?
our next technology comes to us from a company in japan	次にご紹介する技術は 日本の企業―
one bmw with 55rs registered to a donna o'hara.	""5 5 R S"のBMWは1台 登録はドナ・オハラ"
damn it, bill. please pick up.	お願いよ ビル 電話に出て
about fucking time.	いい頃合いだな
we'll come back for her just as soon as we can.	出来るだけ速く 彼女のもとに戻ろう
i kept calling you. didn't you hear me? you dropped this.	これ落としましたよ
depends on the decisions and wishes of fictional entities	架空の世界の決定や願いにかかっているのです
oh, you don't see anything.	あなたには 解らないでしょう
what in the...	んっ?
but stolen drug money's not gonna solve anyone's problems.	でも 盗まれた麻薬資金では 皆の問題を解決できないの
oh, are we doing conversation today?	今日は会話をするの?
then in principle, you should be able to tell	原則として それがどこから来たのか
it's a delicate process, and from all reports, this sounds like a particularly sensitive situation.	慎重に報告しなければならない、 今回は特に微妙な状況だと思われる。
am i not enough for him?	どうせさ 暇なんでしょ
so i picked these.	それでこれを選んだの
hey! who's a cat doll?!	猫咪老师 你干嘛跟来啊
ready for a show.	ショーの、準備ができています。
overblown claims of damage to national security	「国家の安全に関わる」という 誇張された話は
we don't think another wave is coming right away.	次の津波がすぐに来ることはないだろうから
doesn't this count as fraud?	これって 詐欺とかじゃ ないんですか?
the tyrant's eye is the strongest.	心配しなくても大丈夫デス 邪王真眼は最強デス
i heard about this individual from three people.	私はその人物の力を三人から聞いていた
you have five seconds to get out. what do you do?	あなたが逃げ出すのに時間が必要ね 貴女は何をするつもり?
okay! i'll do my best!	うん! お願い! はいっ! 頑張ります!
i have something to tell papa and mama, so...	あ 私ちょっとパパとママに用事があるので
i've protected other people's money, and i have nothing show for it. nothing.	他人の金を守っても 何も見返りもない
miss nude america is going to be on tonight.	ヌードのコンテストで
if i had got married to the one i loved	もしかしたら 自分が 好きだった人と結婚してたら
have been wiped out by dirty air coming over from asia.	アジアからの汚れた大気に押し流されているんです。
but he taught us so much.	たくさんのことを教えてくれた
to make room for the future.	ようこそ未来へ
that we, up to that point	機械や装置が
i understand.	分かった いってらっしゃい
tell him you want to go back to fox river.	フォックスリバーに戻りたいと言えばいい
never asked for help.	助けもいらねえと
from hollows is certainly important	ホロウから 現世を護ることも重要じゃが
how did i get here?	電話番号をどこで知ったかって?
which is that we'd like to think that the mistakes we make	間違いを犯す原因は 少しばかりの困った問題があったり
i've gotta go to him.	助けなきゃ
i also think we should not treat	私も ご遺体を見ましたが
and kissing her didn't work out, did it?	キスも無駄だった
going down your spinal cord	脊髄を伝わり末梢神経をとおって
this comes from the incense wood ranjatai	それは 蘭奢待なるものじゃ。
even beyond the domain explored so far.	既知のものだけという 仮定から始めました
so where do we go from here?	これから... どうなるんだ?
and they don't react to background sounds.	bgmには反応しません
so, two weeks ago, insects no more fumigated... this house on a hungarian oaklined street in woodley park.	2週間前だから 昆虫は ウッドリーパークの ハンガリー・オークの木の すぐそばの家です
right. limo back to the real world after the perfect date, huh?	リムジンで 現実世界へ戻すのね
the suspect may be fleeing in an fbi vehicle, so i need you to close down all access roads, and alert perimeter units and metro police.	容疑者はたぶんfbiの車で 逃走中だ 周辺の道路を封鎖し 全てのチームと警察に連絡してくれ
right, so he... he doesn't like blood, but still...	ええ、彼は血は好きじゃないかも、でも...
realized i was trapped.	はめられていたことに 気づきました
mr. portos, your intake is finished.	受け入れを完了する
he went that way.	あっちよ
we don't have to fear the rise of china	私たちは中国の台頭やアジアの復活を
do you wanna be an actress?	君は 女優になりたいの?
you're gay?	あー あなたは...
yeah, open the hatch so your crew...	開ければ良くなる?
20 minutes.	どの程度の
but that's pretty much it for formal requirements.	でも 形式上の要件は これだけです
i haven't dealt in anything as common as money in years.	俺は金は受け取ってない
it is our mission that nobody will be left behind	経済的理由で置き去りにされる人が 誰もいないようにするのが
there is a disorder of this shinobi world that produced that pane	そのペインを生み出した この忍の世の無秩序が
like dumping 200 million gallons of oil into the gulf of mexico	メキシコ湾に2億ガロンの石油を投棄したり
and you destroyed the pillar that was supporting akzeriuth.	そして アクゼリュスを支える柱を消してしまった
call the banners.	旗のもとに集めるのだ
the one and only aviating avatar, and a genius...	一加一卻不等於二的攻擊
that's amazing.	す すごい金額ですね
it's anger.	怒り
and if i get blocked	そして もし邪魔が入れば
acknowledge end of pattern.	パターン承認の終了か.
of course! so let's not become seniors like him.	そうよ! だから 彼みたいな先輩にならない様にしよう まぁ 私達には才能があるからそうはならないわね
i want to hang this star before the entertainment portion of our party.	パーティの余興が始まる前にね 今夜は 赤鼻のトナカイ を観る予定です
i'm zhao erdou	私は趙二斗です
what is it?	虚化? 何や? それ...。
you wouldn't believe me, even if i told you.	言っても信じないさ
well, when detective winters didn't pick up the officer was nice enough to let me make another call so i called george.	ウィンターズが捕まらず ジョージに電話させてくれたの
i thought it was important to emphasize that people were being helped	国際NGOや地元の草の根組織にかかわらず、彼らが患者を
cheers cheers. cheers.	おい 乾杯! 乾杯!
obviously, we've got a lot to figure out.	まだいろいろ解決しないと。
and after all, it has its own internal aesthetics.	結局 粘菌は自身の審美眼に従うのです
you don't have to. i'll take care of it.	君はしなくていい
the dr. wells?	あのウエルズ博士?
thirtysix now, and we have no clue where.	後、36時間だ だが、手掛かりが無い
and we need nine centimeters per second	地球型の惑星を見つけるには
what kind of modifications?	どんな改良ですか?
crow...! crow...!	クロウ...。
i had myself committed to a mental institution.	精神病院に入ると決めた
but it happened that night.	でも その夜のことです。
of course it was an accident.	もちろん事故だった
you bitch!	くそ女が!
yeah, i know.	分かってる
he might be back.	戻ったかも
he was respectable at the chairman's office but there..	立派な社長室 あるのに
you'll bring us your business plan, which eventually they did.	ビジネスプランを 持ってこさせました
he was determined to be a hero.	彼はヒーローに なろうとしたんだわ
and she said, but mom, you can't have kids.	すると彼女は「でもママ子供産めないじゃん」
please excuse us!	お~!n失礼しました~!
we will pin down the locations of the zombies!	オレ達は ゾンビを突き止める
or my boss will take the rap.	上司が言ってくれてますから 責任は取ってくれるって
hey, ron.	やぁ ロン
i don't care if it's a national project	でも いくら国家事業様ったって
i'll tell you one unconfirmed report.	1つ 未確認情報を教えてやる。
and carry out the work.	その仕事を遂行しなければいけませんでした
but i knew his name, abed	分かっていたのは アベッドという名前と
you fucked a congressman to get ahead.	出世のために寝た
after six months on antiretroviral treatment.	6ヶ月の抗レトロウイルス治療後です
tonight, i want to be with you.	今日は 今夜は 一緒にいたい
and he said, of course i will.	彼は言いました -- 「もちろんだとも
del rio.	デル・リオだ!
now, you can be forgiven, perhaps	結婚生活が破たんする前に
because there really needs to be a point to all this.	何か言いたい事が あるはずよ
it doesn't have anything to do with you.	お前に関係ねーだろッ
all of you, put your weapons down.	子供達に構わず だって
some fresh air.	新鮮な空気さ.
we call this project vocalid, or vocal i.d.	私たちは このプロジェクトを “vocalid”や“vocal i.d.”と
i can't do it.	書けない
so, you know, we now can learn the history of organisms.	まずは生物の歴史を知ることができます
it questions whether or not there really are any new frontiers out there	新天地は本当に無いのかどうか [科学における発見とは背びれに余分な棘がある グッピーを見つけるようなことだ]
how did bob taylor get those clothes?	少女達はまだ どこかに居るのか? どうやってボブ・テイラーは 服を手に入れた?
like what?!	でも 好きに なってた
surely his successor will continue	彼の後継者は 共同統治を継続するはず
witness, please continue.	証人は 続けてください
well, this is 2009.	今年は2009年ですね
ordinary phones, including a blackberry, that have wifi.	ブラックベリーやwi-fiの付いた 普通の電話の話です
but in life itself.	人生のことでもあります
my god.	なんて事
they will enable compelling new concepts	それは いかに私たちが都市をデザインし
what about this mother superior?	この修道院長はどうでしょう?
of the black fruit of the black, dilapidated black princess...	闇果実の黒い壊れかけの 黒い姫君...。
businesses collect lots of data, and they misuse it too	企業も多くのデータを集め 乱用しています
sorry i was late.	《待たせて ごめん》
no, just a little followup.	少し知識をお借り出来ます?
is because we're all worried about our privacy.	みんなプライバシーを 心配しているからです
[greenblue] fire.	発射!
run away!	なら どうして逃げなかった?
we didn't say anything because we figured it was nobody's business, but we gotta ask, were you with him that night?	言わなかったのは 奴と一緒だったかなんて ヤボな事 聞けないだろ?
it was simple.	単純だった
kurosawa worked here until about 6 months ago...	黒沢さんは 半年前まで こちらに 契約社員として
hey, you, get away from that crane right now!	お前! クレーンから 離れろ!
mother told them to us as children.	母上が子供の頃 聞かせてくれました
just a little bump on the head.	大丈夫 コブだけです
where are you?	頭が良かった?
so the major league baseball rules	メジャーリーグの
the floors been sanitized, too, so you'll get it dirty.	床 汚れるしn衛生面で問題あるから。
so if the location is hidden, the machine is safe.	つまり、ありかがわからない限り マシンは安全
good morning, young man.	話說得有點小孩子氣了
you're not listening to me.	聞いてないわね
even so, it's not a good reason to turn away.	だからって 目を背けていい理由にはならない。
that is our passion.	情熱であり
to react in an emergency.	咄嗟に反応できません
do you understand?!	《分かったかッ》
they come from friends and family.	友人や家族から得ているのです
so, good luck. we're counting on you.	頑張れ 期待してる
and it had to be run in a quite new way.	全く新しい行政が施行されました
he's not gonna like it, but that'll get us to 15.	彼は不満だろうが それで15日確保できる
go, or i'll cry. go.	泣きそうだから 行って
the night is young, but the book has been out	6カ月が経ちました
listen, sam, we shouldn't keep the axe outside.	サム 斧は外じゃダメだ
you used me to get ahead in your work.	私を利用したわ 仕事のチャンスを掴むために
my sons are trying to sleep...	子どもが寝てるんです。 オギャー オギャー。 つぐみちゃん?
near fort yates	フォートイエーツの近く
you don't know what shit i got either.	俺も汚いからな
some suggestions...	いくつかの提案だ
i thought that it would be easier for her to come if there would be other women here.	女性の方がいた方が 来やすいと思いまして
and i molded it and i cast it in resin	型を取り そこに樹脂を流し込みました
and i went to the it guys here	それで ここのitに詳しい人達のところへ行ったら
was because he was afraid...	その記憶を忘れることを
now, recently i've been told i've been taking the high road.	最近、あなたは崇高すぎる道を選んでいると言われてます
thank you for being by my side	ありがとう そばにいてくれて
now that i'm older. mother might just let me go.	私が大人になったら 母さんが行かせてくれるかな
what's he saying?	内容は?
so have the barbecue.	だからバーベキューをやれ
please, let us handle the media.	メディアのことは 我々に任せて欲しい
himuro has committed a serious crime!	氷室は 重大な罪を犯した!
we're going to have a green laser pointer	緑色のレーザーポインタです
i really related to what james was saying yesterday	ジェームズが昨日言ったように
you already apologized for that. i know, i was just...	それはもう謝罪したわ
there, too.	そこも貼れよ ここもだ
emily sontag.	エミリー・ソンタグだ
who's mummy?	ママって誰のことだ?
it wins or loses at that point.	その時点で勝敗が決まります
how are you getting along?	調子はどう?
think about what will happen to our commercial contracts if rumors start spreading from the police.	もし 警察沙汰にでもなってみろ。 CMはどうするんだ CMは。
hey, say thank you!	おっしゃ~!
i can no longer bear the pressure of the fact that i have a dead body here.	《もう限界だ。 死体を抱えている というプレッシャーに
who is ricardus?	リカルドゥスとは誰だ?
it makes me unpoko sad.	ウンポコ悲しい
the big house?	大きな家に?
old blue eyed lucy.	青い目のルーシー
i see.	ポテト見なかった?
in a series of response planning.	アメリカもソ連も 一連の報復計画を議論していました
and then we go home.	そして帰還だ
i didn't come because i wanted you to apologize.	べつに謝ってほしくて 来たわけではない。
the thing a warrior needs most isn't strength.	戦士にとって 最も大切なものは 力ではない。
we have received notification from academy's upper echelons to deal with the situation.	我々が この事態に 対処することになった
charlie kenton is in the house!	チャーリーがいるぜ!
but the higher the gap between r and g	資本収益率と経済成長率とが 乖離すればする程
40 years old, huh?	40歳か~ ほむッ!
you should be the one to deal with the kidnapper nobody's gonna take your phone.	あなたが誘拐犯と話すべきだわ もう誰もあなたの電話を 取り上げたりしないから
i lied too.	俺もだ
nobody believing us, plumbing the deep horizons of experience, having to search out the truth all on our own.	誰も信じてない 深い視野と経験 私たちが真実を追求する事
to the ultimate farflung corner on this planet, the sahara.	地球上で最も辺鄙な場所 サハラ砂漠に何度か出かけています
i have never met anyone more prone to lifethreatening idiocy.	こんなに生死に関わるバカなこと する人を見たことないわ。
it's too late. i'm already gone.	私はすでになくしてる
that's not the point.	マスコミは言いますけどね... そういう事じゃないんですよ。
the future and your body	体のことはもちろん 将来のことを考えると
what is cranny?	ずるいって何がだろう
what other crew?	別部隊?
court no matter what.	無実の人だけは 絶対に 裁判に かけちゃいけないんです。
so that's what it is...	忘れたの?好きってその程度
come join us someday at special olympics.	「いつか スペシャルオリンピックスに 来てください
hey, where do you think you're going?	銀さん! どこに...。
and weak! just like your mother.	母親そっくりね
but all this does, actually, is shut down your mind.	しかし 実際はこうなると心がシャットダウンされます
i got a colonel waiting on these guys. i got orders to get these guys back there.	オレたちが逮捕した 引き渡せ
time out!	いい頃間
i have a question for you. it's a simple question. you'll answer me, yes?	簡単な質問だ。 答えてくれるな?
you're here?	また、お会いしましたね?
this is not who you are.	君達は何者でもない
there has to be.	この事件と関係があるはずだ。
i mean those storage units have nothing to do with me.	倉庫の管理者では ないからな
one thing still doesn't make any sense.	1つ理解できない事が
look, i just want you to go back to being	戻って欲しいだけなんだ
i'm coming, margo. hang on!	マーゴ、今助けるぞ
i am a real esper and an alien.	本物の超能力者にして宇宙人だ
fucking ali. ali fucking baba.	うるさいなアリ アリババ
and she wants the infrastructure it is nice with a paved road.	彼女は社会基盤も望んでいます--道路が舗装されていると良いのです、
so how is the parallel world?	那麼 平行世界那邊怎樣了
i'm sorry it happened.	気の毒だった
well, investigative work like this merits at least some kind of an answer; it's not as if we can keep denying any knowledge of rourke.	こういう捜査の質問には 少なくとも 何らかの形で答えた方がいい ロークを知らないと 否定し続けられるわけでもあるまい
that's very kind of you...	あなた どういう反射神経してるの
i had to piss him off so he'd try and wipe me. otherwise he would have read me.	殴って ああでもさせなきゃ ヤツに心を読まれてた
i can do everything. it's just that...	別に問題はないんだ つまり...
there's water.	ソーダ水を
bithia!	ビトヤ!
do not touch this.	ここからは
yeah, all right.	分ったよ
a file, and then he printed it	ファイルをダウンロードし
we're outlaws. outlaws steal.	俺達は無法者だからな 無法者の盗人
brought us the electric refrigerator.	電気が電気冷蔵庫を もたらしたからです
measured many different ways.	成長を続けています
if only she'd been pressing flowers instead...	これが押し花だったらどんなに良かったか
oh, you apologized, but that didn't stop your plotting, did it?	謝りはしたが 嗅ぎまわるのは やめてないだろ
even though it was a little more! candy.	もう少しだったのに! キャンディ...。
getting paid is her forte.	稼ぐのは、彼女の得意です。
hmm? kobato wrote it? yes!	ん? こばとちゃんが書いたの? はい!
but, all of the maidens of the land are invited, by order of the king.	でもみんなが招待されたわ... ... 勅令で
instead, i...	代わりに 私が・・・
ii told you i had work to do.	今は仕事だ
get in there and get your dad.	お父さんを連れ出す
i'll come too!	私も行きます!
another shot?!	別の小隊を向かわせたほうが...。
i do not think	私が平和だと思うものは
this is... it's made from a buckthorn tree.	クロウメモドキって 木から 作られて いるんだ
i know, but up their hole anyway. we made it. we cracked the code.	俺たちだけで作った こいつはすごいぞ
and so, transportation is worth 20%?	運送に20%の価値があるのか?
so the wealth will be divided.	財産はその間で更に分与されます
and the winner of tonight's regional competition, defending their crown, ladies and gentlemen, the barden university treblemakers!	今夜の当選者 地方競技会 それらの王冠を防御する、女性、および紳士 Barden University Treblemakers!
the social progress index basically asks three fundamental questions	社会進歩指数は 基本的に 社会に関する3つの本質的な問いを
sleep tight.	いいから 良く寝ろ
i want to see her.	リンダに会いたい
that's other stuff.	それは別のことさ
the killer wanted gould to take his time, deciding which cut to make first.	どこの肉を切るか 決めさせた
the higgs boson does not share the beauty	ヒッグス粒子は 他の素粒子のように
but my research was never intended to be used as a weapon.	私の研究は武器を 目的としたものではない
grandpa looks at the fog every morning and decides.	毎朝じいちゃんが霧を見て決めるんだ
lot of cowboys down there, ben.	多くのカウボーイがいるぜ
what's there?	なぜ? 何があるの?
she's an old college professor of his.	彼が通ってた頃の大学教授よ
i waited for guys outside their home.	男の子を待ち伏せたり
stop, stop, stop. there you go. step away, step away.	よし、ストップ そこだ そこからどいて
do you believe that this strategian who has been betrayed so many times in the past	幾度となく 煮え湯を 飲まされてきた この奇策士が
once per turn i can negate the damage from an opponent's monster's effect or a carddestroying effect...	1ターンに一度だけ 相手モンスターの効果によるダメージ
are you okay?	試験は大丈夫です... と思います
listen to saika's words of love	罪歌の愛の言葉を...
is this your first time proposing to a woman?	プロポーズするのは初めて?
heading to a desperate phase	もう業界じゃ ただの一発屋扱いだよ!
with just one date and 47 love letters...	(澪の足音)
the summer evening sky	請務必幫忙 夏目大人
that is the last thing i want.	それは最後の手段だ
mm, that would be pretty stupid, that's for sure.	うむ それはかなり愚かだな 確実に
from tiny, little animals like a nudibrank	カワハギに至るまで
we're still fighting, still losing loved ones, still living under fear, still searching for...hope.	戦い 愛する者を 失い続けてる 怯えながら暮らし 希望を探し求めてる
the mountain is crumbling!	まずい! 山が崩れる!
mr. lee!	mr. リー!
and it's safe?	安全な場所?
the startling answer to this question, ok, from these experiments	結果は予想に反して驚くべきもので
millions of lives every year	何百万人もの命を救っています
you ever... you ever heard of plato's allegory of the cave?	"プラトンの洞窟"を?
now, look, it's very simple to operate.	いいか 操作は簡単だ
so am i. seth. i thought we were happy together.	ぼくもだ。 ぼくたちは幸せだと思ってた。
the second assumption which informs the american view of choice	米国人が持つ―
no, i called her because you wouldn't tell me what was going on, so i decided to find out for myself.	交渉が流れても 文句言えません
no, no, no, no!	いや、いや、いや、いや!
i'm gonna go home soon.	もうすぐ、国に帰る
let me guess. it doesn't match erik haas' dna.	エリックじゃないな
promise.	前途有望 かな
i've been thinking that when i go back to work... we should have a domestic.	仕事に戻る時には 家政婦を... と 考えてるの
ththirty seconds.	30秒
in order to do that, i will become a fulltime employee, whatever it takes.	そのために 何が何でも 正社員になります。
seconds please. you sure eat a lot.	お代わり。 おい よく食うな。
you inspire them.	やる気にさせて
dre, you know i don't play, if somebody hit my baby, i would tear...	ふざけないで 私の子に誰かが手を出したんなら...
oh, stop it, will you?	やめてくれよ?
there's something wrong with the starter, so i hid it here.	スターターの調子が よくないんだ
he's gained a lot more confidence in himself since becoming a social insurance worker.	社労士になって あいつ 一段と自信家になりましたね。
very well.	"わかりました"
and i think there's been an increased interest now in	心エコー検査やその使用はとりわけ
to come in bringing a child and everything, who are you with?	思わんかったのう。 ホンマじゃ。
put put the gun put the gun down.	銃を・・・銃を置いて
i truly don't.	本当に知らない
he just came to.	彼はちょうど意識を取り戻した
and there's one megatrend which affects all of us.	私たちに全員に影響する メガトレンドが訪れます
let's go.	終わりなら クッスを食べに行こう
this separation anymore, should we?	これ以上 続ける必要は ないんじゃないでしょうか。
that methylamine that we stole, that we nearly killed ourselves trying to steal?	私たちが盗んだメチルアミンは、 自殺行為すれすれで盗んで
are now linked to the skyrocketing incidents	先進工業国でよく見られる
you really think a 12yearold boy could row this far in a miniature canoe?	ここまで来れると思うかね? 多分無理でしょう できると思いますよ ウォルト先生
i'll get a job and buy it back!	いづがバイトして買い戻すがら!
has raised 125 million dollars?	als協会には1億2千5百万ドルが
yeah, jumping around.	そうだ 飛び跳ねてた
we have rid it of its imperfection.	不完全なるもの全て消し去った
and that there are people who are now interested	人々はこの いわば私たちがおこした火に惹かれ
there are no coordinates.	座標がないって。
he'd been looking all over.	あちこち 捜しており
two great texts	まさにふたつの偉大な文言
something he picked up in the forest, i reckon.	森の中で何かもらったんだろ。
we are the watchers on the wall.	俺たちは壁の番人だ...
the mistress of the inn whistles.	うん 口笛
the enemy is anarchy.	無秩序が敵なんだ
what for?	目的は?
you got something to say?	文句なら言わせねえぞ
was there a reason	据说是因为受了ingroup和anti-feminus的影响
entitled, selfish, spoiled children.	利己的な駄駄っ子って 名付けてあげるわ
i know how you feel.	気持ちは良く分かる
did a thorough exam.	診察します
now, you can buy certified organic produce.	我々は認定済み有機商品を購入できますが
oh ... thank you.	どうぞ。 ああ。 ありがとうございます。
looking after the children will be a better way to put her mind at ease.	それより お前が子供たちの 面倒をちゃんと見てやるほうが
it will have the largest economy in the world.	中国の経済は世界一の規模になるのです
but i think if the wizard of oz were made today	しかし もしこの映画が 現代に作られたとしたら
the one who taught me that mark was him.	あのマークを教えてくれたのは 彼だったから。
yes, i swear.	本当だってば
why? because we'd rather take those cells	理由は 採取する細胞は
ready to play?	ゲームの準備は?
it's my puzzle.	僕のパズルだ
but i'm told you killed a white walker.	しかし白き亡者を殺したらしいな
some dealer named dominic paid him off to disappear a container full of guns.	ドミニクという名の 1部のディーラーは彼に報復した 銃で一杯のコンテナを消失させた
laurels in the world.	重要なのです
second team, head in.	第2チーム、進め
george lazlo is dead.	ジョージ・ラズロは死んだ
i don't care. he was armed and he was watching you.	誰でもいい 武器を持ちお前を見張ってた
yes, neesan.	想要实现的未来 必定有你的存在
who couldn't face up to other people.	ひとと向き合うことが できないんじゃないかって。
er... yes?	あの...。 はい?
susan.	スーザンよ
kuramochi takeshi, crew member, it's oniichan.	[tv]倉持岳志隊員による お兄ちゃんだ
but it points to the reality that people engage with the life they have	障害を持つ人々が人生で直面している 現実を示しています
oh, dear!	あ... いや。
you two fucked each other up pretty good.	良いコンビだったのに
intended to supply the pet market	巨大なカーゴをインターセプトしたり、
with the case of diginotar.	diginotarの事件で起きたことでした
through those dark wooden	さまよっていたことを
well, jack, you put a gun to my head and you pulled the trigger.	なんなら私の頭に銃を向けて 引き金を引いてもいいよ
and you've gotta promise me.	約束するんだ
there was a bombing on 8th and pass.	8番街で爆発だ 行って来る
i should've never brought them here.	誘わなきゃよかった
it's not the ingredients in plants, it's the plants.	大事なのは野菜に入っている栄養じゃなくて野菜自体だよ
just remember next time who your friends are, okay?	この貸しは忘れないからな
yes, would you have advised i throw her out on the street?	違うわ でも お客さんがいれば
streets are full of people. i'm thinking there's no way i'm gonna find this girl.	人通りが多くて無理だった
and it turns out, the best way to cut things in half	結果的に物を半分に切るのに最良の方法は
true or false?	マルかバツか?
where's your car?	君の車は?
there's nothing we can do. tell my wife i...	"出来ることは何もない " "妻に伝えて 私は..."
if there's a gravity switch, it'll detonate in the matter stream.	もし重力感知スイッチがあたら 転送途中で爆発してしまう
the president gave you a hero medal.	社長はあなたの英雄勲章を与えた。
there are quantum leaps in science	科学を飛躍させる ことがある
that was it? they weren't so big.	ばけものめ,
who? my cousin.	誰? - 従兄弟だよ
wants to brush shoulders with the industry, i guess.	業界と接したかったのかな
my ability and my potential.	信じるは力と可能性
you lied about the meeting time, didn't you?	嘘の時間を教えたね
you've been wasting money recently.	私の お小遣いまで!? 最近 無駄遣いが多いから
you're head over heels in love with her, aren't you?	《抜き差しならないぐらい ほれてんだろ》
we won! we won!	勝った。 勝った!
unless you're a climber, or... in the military.	登山家でない限り、それか... 軍隊か
but now that i'm here it's fine now	でも 俺が来たからには もう大丈夫だ
i was worried since you missed school today, toukachan.	トーカちゃん今日学校休んじゃったから
of something that's simple, you lose function.	多くのものを取り除きすぎたら 機能が失われます
i know.	分かっております
this is fine. sorry about this.	十分だ すまない。
do we have a problem, admiral?	大将 何か問題があるのか?
plug it in with nsa.	nsaに障害が
what are you doing in los angeles?	ロサンゼルスで何してる?
i'm here.	そうじゃない 心ここにあらずだわ
you you're the one who said we should go away, live a normal life.	君が・・ 言ったんだぞ 僕らは逃げ出して 普通の生活を送るべきだと
you know this creature?	この... ゲテモノを?
no, i didn't.	そんなことは言っていない
we're fine.	大丈夫です。
can you come back?	出直してもらえませんか?
don't you dare look down on high school students!	高校生を嘗めるな
however, this susano'o is not easy to deal with.	《しかし この スサノオ 簡単にはいかん。
he's level 5 and recklessly uses the physical command that costs 5 points each time.	一回5ポイントも消費する物理コマンドを
if you get here and you're loose like this, to make it nice and tight, what you wanna do is drive the knees together with your hip and your elbow, and drop your arm down or drop your chest.	足が緩くなる事も 締めつける為に― 体全体で押さえつけ 膝をそろえる
i've taken tomorrow on the deadline, too. so it's ok, ok.	有給は明日もとってあるし 大丈夫大丈夫
and as we went north, the temperature dropped so much.	北に上がるにつれて こんなに気温も低くなってるし。
oh no.	おっ。
that...i was entertaining a business client.	と... 取引先との接待で つい。
have you made it to the speech?	演説 間に合ったの?
portos.	ポルトスの?
you heading home?	家に帰るところ?
stop it! hello?	やめろ! 相手はすぐに分かった
and it's a mistake to try to treat complex psychiatric disorders	ただやみくもに スープの味を変えるだけで ―
the truth is that it was very much the market revolution that sent the message:	市場革命は 「(市場は)政府に先んずる」という
i'm just saying that i won't be able to protect you.	いくら私でも かばい切れないぞ
soon.	直ぐです
i love you. no later.	遅れないで
it was very useful.	本番さながらの緊迫感が味わえて
you have to continue acting so till the end.	そういうかえで かわいいと思うし 私 好き。
but if i'm not...	でも 勘違いじゃないなら...
i've never heard such an unreasonable compromise!	聞いたことねえよ そんな傲慢な譲歩!
we put the plume back and went home.	二人で家に帰った
you shouldn't have hit me.	なんで俺を殴った?
and without skipping a beat at all	彼は平然と答えました
does not involve belief in god.	神への信仰を含まないからです
and together with this new type of interfaces	新しいインタフェースと合わせて
he knew that i was having a hard time.	私が辛い目にあっていることを知ってたから
it's a little expensive.	ちょっと高いんですよ。
van pelt looked into his business records, and there's something weird.	ヴァンペルトが彼の仕事の記録を 調べたんだけど なんだかヘンなの
i've been a cabbie for 1 7 years. ten years at night.	俺は17年タクシーに乗ってきた 夜勤も10年やったが
andrei is in the shower right now, so i want to take this opportunity to tell you that your shower system is totally inadequate.	アンドレイがシャワー中なので いい機会だわ このシャワーシステムは 不適当よ
i will.	私 初等部に戻してくる
we need to find farrell.	ファレルを探すんだ
than in the events of 1979	ルーツがあります
it's hard to sleep at home.	家では眠れない
now you got something to say?	何か言いたいことは?
so, we ran to the bathroom, and got towels	そこで浴室へ急いでタオルをとりにいき
if these assassins hadn't shown up, would you have let us know you were alive?	彼らが現れなかったら もしこの暗殺者なら 生きてた事をそもそも知らせたか?
we ain't never gonna be safe.	僕らはどこにいても安全じゃない
chief vincke.	フィンケ部長
i tried to get it because it got dragged	それがズルして力を手にしようとしたから
4shbab has been dubbed islamic mtv.	4shbabはイスラム版mtvと呼ばれています
i can give you as many as you want. serious face.	いくらでも あげられるお
those of us left behind have to help each other.	残された者同士 助け合わなきゃ
no. ho, oh, oh!	マジかよ!
and he was looking at me. it's like, yeah, i don't know	そう言って私を見るんで こんな風に答えました
and after i'm done	その後に
oh number 2113. you look good in those clothes.	よう 2113番
you can count on me.	大丈夫ですよ! 任せてください。
i've got a flag up right now!	これ今フラグ立ってるね
when there's something he needs to get...creatively.	創作的な役が必要な時に手を貸すの
if you have any other questions, find someone who cares.	他に質問があったら 自分で見つけて
i'm sorry. anyway, we'll head over to azuma's house right away.	すいません とにかく すぐに吾妻の家に向かいます。
don't say that.	誰もそんなことは...
spanish neuroanatomist santiago ramon y cajal	現代神経科学の祖として名高い
and you can feed all of that to the fbi?	それをFBIに伝える
we members of society play	私達がこの状況の中で
did we get more support?	援助が送られた?
as i witnessed my father's body being swallowed by fire	父の身体が火にのみこまれるのを目撃し、
who will perform it?	じゃあ 手術は? 誰が執刀するの?
hey! go fuck yourself, wardaddy!	ファックユー アディ―!
thank you! thank you.	サンキュー! サンキュー。
chikachan wait, i will make them tasty.	知佳ちゃん おいしいの作るから 待っててね。
prepare yourselves monsters! show your true self!	覚悟しろ 魔物。
thousands of individuals and organizations	何千もの個人や組織が
we still have him!	私達彼まだいる
but it's the greatest transfer of wealth	これは人類の歴史上で最大の
and she is getting boned against.	彼女はテンパってる
do it anyways!	全隊 ムリをするな!
there's gotta be a way to expose his false alibi.	また特捜部の方が・・・
i'm sick of it.	もう うんざりよ
i'm flattered.	嬉しいね
man could jack a car a dozen ways, then drive away like a bat out of hell.	車をジャッキで起して 猛スピードで走れたのよ
i will find my younger sister's memories first	僕が 先に妹の記憶を見つけて
don't believe it! sister.	信じちゃ ダメです。 ねえさん。
it's no use, huh?	オービタル! キサマのエネルギーを使え。
you know, if you went alone once in a while you might get somewhere.	「おまえだって、もう少しがんばれば、 なんとかなるさ」
it got cold suddenly, didn't it?	はい。 急に冷え込んできましたね。
one way to get out of a nightmare is...	悪夢から抜け出す方法は 眠りから覚めることだ
after she married with him then they have second son, tsuyoshi	♬ ここまで来て ふと思い出す
who wanted to help their customers save energy.	電力会社と提携しました
happy birthday!	お誕生日おめでとー
has licensed the intellectual property to the medicines patent pool.	医薬品特許プールに知的財産の使用を許可しました。
i thought for sure you would.	きっとなると思ってた
urokosama and the adults weren't just lying to us, were they?	うろこ様や大人たちが嘘ついてるわけじゃないんだよな
so keep him safe, jill.	そう 彼を頼むよ ジル
we're beginning to explore what it means	私達は模索し始めているの