The quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog, and the sun set behind the distant mountains, casting a warm orange glow across the tranquil lake.
The quick brown fox jumped आलसी कुत्ते के ऊपर और सूरज डूब गया था दूर पहाड़ों के पीछे casting a warm orange glow शांत झील के पार.

you are back, aren't you, harold?
आप वापस आ गए नहीं हैं आप हेरोल्ड?

my opponent is shark.
मेरा प्रतिद्वंद्वी शार्क है.

this is one thing in exchange for another.
this is one thing बदले में for another .

yeah, i'm fine.
हाँ मैं ठीक हूँ ।

don't come to the office anymore. don't call me either.
do n't come अब कार्यालय में. मुझे भी मत बुलाओ.

looks beautiful.
सुंदर दिखता है ।

get him out of here, because i will fucking kill him.
get him बाहर यहाँ का because i will fucking kill him .

you killed him!
तुमने उसे मार डाला!

okay, then who?
ठीक है तो कौन ?

it seems a former employee...
ऐसा लगता है कि यह कोई पूर्व कर्मचारी है...

so where are they?
तो कहाँ हैं वे ?

or i don't know, just...
या मुझें नहीं पता अभी ...

no child should ever have to endure that.
कभी कोई बच्चा नहीं होना चाहिए उसे सहना.

i know the visual's incongruous, but...
मैं जानता हूं कि दृश्य असंगत है लेकिन ...

aw!
अरे!

let me show you more detailed ones.
होने देना मैं तुम्हें और अधिक विस्तृत दिखाता हूँ।

you're gonna bring that up right now?
you 're gon ना इसे अभी उठाओ?

well then, when you're done work, come to the medical office.
तो ठीक है when you 're done work come to the medical office .

um...please go ahead and eat without me.
um ... please go ahead and eat मेरे बिना ।

rokka is always forever
रोक्का सदैव सर्वदा है

thank you!
धन्यवाद !

that's a funnylooking dress.
वह एक मज़ेदार दिखने वाली पोशाक है।

the captain asked me to reexamine the dna from the bomb... to see if anyone else might have handled it.
कप्तान ने मुझसे पूछा डीएनए की दोबारा जांच करने के लिए बम से... देखना है की हो सकता है किसी और ने इसे संभाला हो।

if the rest of the book reads as well when you're done
अगर बाकी जब आपका काम पूरा हो जाए तो किताब भी पढ़ें

more ravishing than ever, big sister.
more ravishing पहले से कहीं ज्यादा बड़ी बहन ।

yes, that's me.
हाँ वह मैं हूं ।

because you and i are gonna be friends for a long time. you might as well know now.
because you और i are gon ना दोस्त बनें for a long time . you might as well know now .

and bill talbot's tracker fell off the grid five minutes ago. ...taken by a witness here. we can show you these images now.
और bill talbot 's tracker fell पाँच मिनट पहले ग्रिड से बाहर। ...यहाँ एक गवाह द्वारा लिया गया। we can show you these images now .

he's got some blood in his mouth.
he 's got some blood उसके मुँह में.

asamoto won't last like this!
असामोतो टिकेगा नहीं like this !

