The quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog, and the sun set behind the distant mountains, casting a warm orange glow across the tranquil lake.
तेज़ भूरे लोमड़ी ने छलांग लगा दी over the lazy dog और सूरज डूब गया था behind the distant mountains casting a warm orange glow across the tranquil lake .  


you are back, aren't you, harold?
आप वापस आ गए are n't आप harold ?

my opponent is shark.
मेरा प्रतिद्वंद्वी शार्क है.

or the relative risk of drugs
या सापेक्ष जोखिम दवाओं का

gail, are you drunk?
gail are तुम नशे में हो ?

be careful.
ध्यान से ।

last withdrawal was five days ago.
अंतिम निकासी पांच दिन पहले हुई थी।

unless i kill myself and complete your story.
जब तक मैं खुद को मारता हूं और अपनी कहानी पूरी करें.

in crossborder crime?
सीमा पार अपराध में?

let's connect the public to this activity right on their iphone.
let जनता को जोड़ता है to this activity right उनके आईफोन पर.

then, if you want, you can follow me.
तब अगर तुम्हें चाहिए आप मेरा पीछा कर सकते हैं ।

i don't care about the reasons.
i do n't care कारणों के बारे में.

yeah, i promise!
हाँ i promise !

dynamite, tnt, mercury fulminate.
बारूद टीएनटी पारा चरम पर.

we're going to sell the house! everyone is rattled.
we 're going घर बेचने के लिए! हर कोई घबरा गया है.

we're done.
किए गए ।

now that you have your phone out
अब वह you have your phone out

don't you do it! don't you fucking do it!
नहीं आप इसे करते हैं ! नहीं तुम यह करो!

who are regularly forced by family court judges
जिन पर पारिवारिक न्यायालय के न्यायाधीशों द्वारा नियमित रूप से दबाव डाला जाता है

and of course, there's still the planning to do.
और of course अभी भी योजना है to do .

no, of course. no matter. no.
नहीं of course . no matter . no .

and when the exterminators take you away... you never come back!
and when the exterminators take you away ... तुम कभी वापस नहीं आओगे!

that is our ...
वो है हमारा...

you still thinking retrovirus?
आप अभी भी रेट्रोवायरस के बारे में सोच रहे हैं?

yuri? yuri!
यूरी? यूरी!

i want to get a girlfriend somehow before christmas.
मुझे चाहिए to get a girlfriend somehow before christmas .

you've been at the bottom of a bottle for four years.
you 've been तल पर of a bottle for four years .

legoprovided cad program isn't enough
लेगोप्रदत्त सीएडी प्रोग्राम पर्याप्त नहीं है

it's an act of therapy.
यह एक कृत्य है थेरेपी का.

there's no audience in the theater. look, it's totally empty.
कोई दर्शक नहीं है थिएटर में । देखना यह पूरी तरह से खाली है .

are there any general conclusions that arise?
are there any general conclusions वह उठना ?

what? is something in my teeth? oh, no!
what ? is something in my teeth ? oh नहीं !

in order so that the bird could properly be wrapped ...
ताकि पक्षी को ठीक से लपेटा जा सके...

and again this video was taken right after my daughter was born
and यह वीडियो मेरी बेटी के जन्म के तुरंत बाद लिया गया था

i suppose old mother trentham... will have her begging bowl out while she's here.
मुझे लगता है कि बूढ़ी माँ ट्रेंथम... अपना भीख का कटोरा बाहर रख देगी वह यहाँ है ।

i don't have the confidence to fight the company.
मुझमें आत्मविश्वास नहीं है कंपनी से लड़ने के लिए.

why not?
क्यों नहीं ?

not the flowers of yesterday
not the flowers कल का

recently, fake blood looks real.
हाल ही में fake blood looks real .

don't move. ii can explain.
हिलना मत. मैं समझा सकता हूँ.

what? no, not jacob like the name
क्या ? नहीं जैकब नहीं नाम की तरह

strange. and what about the whole...
अजीब । और पूरे के बारे में क्या...

chrome...
क्रोम...

well, the verdict hasn't been read yet, so technically, it's still on.
well फैसला अभी पढ़ा नहीं गया है तो तकनीकी रूप से it 's still on .

metrics provides more numerical views on the data.
मेट्रिक्स अधिक संख्यात्मक दृश्य प्रदान करता है डेटा पर.

we can go.
हम जा सकते हैं ।

i stayed on course. they must have it on the move again.
मैं रुका रहा रास्ते मै । they must have it on the move again .

victor tellegio's people, who run resorts international...
विक्टर टेलेगियो के लोग who run resorts international ...

oh, you feel protective of her, don't you?
ओह आप सुरक्षात्मक महसूस करते हैं उसका नहीं you ?

i think we may have misread this situation.
i think हो सकता है कि हमने इस स्थिति को ग़लत समझा हो।

can only the rich
केवल अमीर ही ऐसा कर सकते हैं

miyukisensei's not in
मियुकिसेन्सी नहीं है में

what does not mean protective clothing! it is over if you go to bushsuri.
सुरक्षात्मक कपड़ों का क्या मतलब नहीं है! यह खत्म हो गया है अगर तुम जाओ to bushsuri .

together!
एक साथ !

tsukishiro and hakuren are both rukia's attacks.
tsukishiro और हकुरेन दोनों रुकिया के हमले हैं।

he couldn't get us right the first time, edith?
पहली बार में वह हमें ठीक से समझ नहीं सका एडिथ?

because the chinese government wanted to figure out
क्योंकि चीनी सरकार चाहती थी to figure out

well, you should start now.
कुंआ आपको अभी शुरू करना चाहिए.

a killer?
हत्यारा ?

this is an oasis for the fathers, okay!
यह एक मरूद्यान है for the fathers okay !

m.h. m.h. m.h...
महाराष्ट्र महाराष्ट्र मह...

it actually uses its tail too
यह वास्तव में अपनी पूँछ का भी उपयोग करता है

goku! what should i do?!
गोकू! क्या होना चाहिए मैं करता हूं ? !

oh, no worries.
oh कोई चिंता नहीं ।

watch tv or something.
टीवी देखें या something .

of this philosophy.
इस दर्शन का.

who knows?
कौन जानता है ?

you know, there's actually a warehouse just up here.
आपको पता है वास्तव में यहाँ ठीक ऊपर एक गोदाम है।

so you quit school and quit looking for work and decided to become a chef.
इसलिए you quit school और देखना छोड़ो for work and decided शेफ बनने के लिए.

yeah, like 53 years.
हाँ जैसे 53 साल.

yeah. yeah, maybe.
yeah . yeah शायद ।

i did.
मैंने किया ।

can i ask something else?
कर सकना मैं कुछ और पूछता हूँ?

man, times are sure changing.
आदमी समय निश्चित रूप से बदल रहा है।

that was...
वह था ...

what was with those sweaters?
क्या था with those sweaters ?

this body to the earth
यह शरीर धरती को

you be careful, okay?
आप सावधान रहें okay ?

this is an illusion, and even though
this is an illusion और चाहे

well that fundamental sense of oneness
well that fundamental sense एकता का

what are you talking about?!
क्या हैं आप बात कर रहे हैं के बारे में ? !

i can't take this.
मैं यह नहीं ले सकता.

that they get found out instead.
इसके बजाय उन्हें पता चल जाता है।

who's a fish?
मछली पर कौन है?

get those vehicles out of the way!
उन वाहनों को प्राप्त करें out of the way !

makochan and rabikun's drawing course
मकोचन और रबिकुन का ड्राइंग कोर्स

please give him good luck. okay, thanks.
कृपया उसे शुभकामनाएँ दें। ठीक है धन्यवाद ।

what's what?
क्या क्या है ?

well, come in.
कुंआ अंदर आएं ।

you don't look any worse for wear after your showdown with vega.
you do n't look any worse पहनने के लिए after your showdown वेगा के साथ.

i don't know. talkin' about makin' the maze a protected zone.
i do n't know . talkin ' भूलभुलैया को संरक्षित क्षेत्र बनाने के बारे में।

yes, sir. hey.
yes महोदय । अरे ।

what kind of planning?
किस प्रकार योजना का?

if i find something, i'll contact you.
अगर मुझे कुछ मिला मैं आपसे संपर्क करूंगा.

if we can build more function
अगर we can build more function

i mean...
मेरा मतलब ...

i'm amazed you didn't notice.
i 'm amazed आपने ध्यान नहीं दिया.

space and time, which is so much more accessible to us?
space और time जो बहुत अधिक सुलभ है to us ?

stevie, code seven, gold dust.
stevie कोड सात सोने की बालू ।

oh, is that so. ah!
oh है that so . ah !

people dropping to the ground.
लोग गिर रहे हैं भूमि पर ।

you must be looking at me as a pitiful guy.
you must be looking मुझ पर एक दयनीय आदमी के रूप में.

i missed god's pr esence.
मुझे भगवान के दर्शन की याद आई।

and there is a fierce upward mobility in their very nature.
and there is a fierce upward mobility उनके स्वभाव में.

and i look at a beautiful bowl of fruit
and मैंने देखता हूं एक खूबसूरत कटोरे में of fruit

the following year, i bore my first child...
अगले वर्ष i bore my first child ...

what do we do?
क्या करना है we do ?

so he was smart.
इसलिए he was smart .

who are you? walt and laura bishop, their daughter's the missing girl.
कौन है आप ? वाल्ट और लौरा बिशप उनकी बेटी लापता है।

yes, call me back and let me know you're okay.
हाँ मुझे वापस कॉल करना and होने देना मुझे पता है आप ठीक हैं ।

you cannot do anything against the power that
आप कुछ नहीं कर सकते against the power that

did you never think it strange?
किया you never think यह अजीब है?

is that all right with you?
is that all right तुम्हारे साथ ?

so they're not a donation.
so वे दान नहीं हैं .

that safe has a sixnumber wheel pack with a doubleaction fence.
उस तिजोरी में छह नंबर का व्हील पैक है एक डबलएक्शन बाड़ के साथ।

sure i'm affected.
निश्चित रूप से मैं प्रभावित हूँ.

a skillful lawyer a presiding judge who fears false charges
एक कुशल वकील एक पीठासीन न्यायाधीश जो झूठे आरोपों से डरता है

welcome back. guess what, trunks.
वापसी पर स्वागत है । अंदाज़ा लगाओ चड्डी.

he knows now. drive, finch.
वह अब जानता है. गाड़ी चलाना फिंच.

leave it to the old master of sales.
leave it to the old master बिक्री का.

watch and learn
घड़ी and सीखना

he disappeared.
वह गायब हो गया ।

that encounter will be in a good place
that encounter will be अच्छी जगह पर

you are a good soldier, tup. it's time to go now.
आप एक अच्छे सैनिक हैं tup . यह समय है अब जाना ।

we need to start the sodra immediately.
we need सोडा तुरंत शुरू करने के लिए.

takes quite this approach
यह बिल्कुल यही दृष्टिकोण अपनाता है

god medallion court of arms !
भगवान पदक अदालत of arms !

yes, we can avenge them.
हाँ हम उनसे बदला ले सकते हैं.

this jazz killer
यह जैज़ हत्यारा

long, long ago...
long काफी समय पहले ...

i don't know. evelyn doesn't let me have any food that's not vegan.
i do n't know . evelyn does n't let मेरे पास कुछ खाना है वह शाकाहारी नहीं है .

someone will always be by my side.
कोई न कोई हमेशा रहेगा मेरी तरफ से ।

our lives are not our own, from womb to tomb, we're bound to others.
हमारा जीवन हमारा अपना नहीं है गर्भ से समाधि लगाना हम बाध्य हैं to others .

when i was your boss at rio bravo, i had your back.
कब मैं तुम्हारा बॉस था रियो ब्रावो में i had your back .

it'll play. that's good stuff.
यह चलेगा . that 's good stuff .

what do we do?
क्या करना है we do ?

ah! what? excuse me. you know me
आह ! क्या ? माफ़ करें । आप मुझे जानते हैं

the judge will never let it get past that
जज कभी नहीं जाने देंगे मिल गया उससे आगे

and they put in the computer technology
और they put in the computer technology

do you think you can do that attorney work?
करना आपको लगता है क्या आप वकील का वह काम कर सकते हैं?

they intend to go straight through the forest.
उनका इरादा है to go straight through the forest .

just get the fertilizer, thomas.
बस खाद ले आओ थॉमस.

but you know what?
but तुम्हें पता है क्या ?

no. really.
नहीं । वास्तव में ।

oh well, it's probably just coincidence.
ओह अच्छा यह शायद महज़ संयोग है .

environment is important.
पर्यावरण महत्वपूर्ण है.

it will be easier to explain after i show you this.
it will be easier बाद में समझाने के लिए मैं तुम्हें यह दिखाता हूं.

regrettably, complete purification has yet to be confirmed.
regrettably पूर्ण शुद्धिकरण अभी बाकी है to be confirmed .

hide and seek.
छिपाना और seek .

stop! my child is...
रुकना ! मेरा बच्चा है...

they've never met him.
वे उससे कभी नहीं मिले।

you gave me fucking keys.
आपने मुझे कमबख़्त चाबियाँ दीं।

love...
प्यार ...

hiding in the forests
छुपा रहे है in the forests

unicorn!
गेंडा !

you can rule the north in his name.
आप उत्तर पर शासन कर सकते हैं उसके नाम पर.

what's wrong?
क्या गलत ?

you can't imagine how much detail we know about brains.
आप कल्पना नहीं कर सकते कि कितना विवरण है we know दिमाग के बारे में.

when 100 million sperm swim for 72 hours and...
जब 100 मिलियन शुक्राणु तैरते हैं for 72 hours and ...

tsukuda kohei is now a respectable company president
त्सुकुडा कोहेई अब एक सम्मानित कंपनी अध्यक्ष हैं

okay, let's cut some cake.
ठीक है let 's cut some cake .

and it would be possible to have nationwide satellite radio
और यह सम्भव है राष्ट्रव्यापी सैटेलाइट रेडियो स्थापित करना

why don't you just tell me?
क्यों नहीं? you just tell me ?

yeah. this is a custom version of a terahertz frequency transponder and limiter.
हाँ । यह एक कस्टम संस्करण है टेराहर्ट्ज़ आवृत्ति ट्रांसपोंडर का और सीमक.

i've been walking the mystic path
मैं रहस्यवादी मार्ग पर चल रहा हूं

but i did say a really bad word to him
but i did say a really bad word उसे

jirousan. can you help me look for niichan for the time being?
जिरौसन. कर सकना you help मैं देखो निचान के लिए for the time being ?

i barely survived.
मैं मुश्किल से बच पाया.

daikansama, it's show time.
daikansama it 's show time .

ok, for interviewing, like this
ok for interviewing इस कदर

but right now...
लेकिन right now ...

to help save these birds.
इन पक्षियों को बचाने में मदद करने के लिए।

but it's not too late.
लेकिन अब भी बहुत देर नहीं हुई है ।

i know you will.
मुझे पता है you will .

mom must be crazy... even if i need money...
माँ पागल होगी...भले ही मुझे पैसों की ज़रूरत है ...

you should go to work with me too.
तुम्हे जाना चाहिए काम करने के लिए with me too .

and he poignantly commented
and उन्होंने मार्मिक टिप्पणी की

eva! eva!
ईवा! ईवा!

davis, cross him. flank right! flank right!
डेविस उसे पार करो. दाहिनी ओर! दाहिनी ओर!

are you there, sir?
हैं you there महोदय ?

to get the boxes onto the ship.
to get the boxes जहाज पर.

i repeat... emergency evacuation, the president is under attack.
मैं दोहराता हूं... आपातकालीन निकासी राष्ट्रपति है हमले के अंतर्गत ।

oh, you tell me, or i'll have some ninth ward prison queen wearing your face for a condom.
ओह you tell me or i 'll have some ninth ward prison queen wearing your face for a condom .

steven is always trying to hide money.
स्टीवन हमेशा कोशिश कर रहा है to hide money .

absolutely not.
कदापि नहीं ।

you turn fading belief into light
आप लुप्त होते विश्वास को बदल देते हैं प्रकाश में

you can tell a lot about somebody, looking him in the eye
you can tell a lot किसी के बारे में looking him आंख में

so how we gonna do this?
so how हम जायेंगे ना ऐसा करो?

i know the queen will approve when i want you
i know the queen will approve when मैं तुम्हें चाहता हूँ

was the guy a monk?
क्या वह आदमी साधु था?

take it to liberty island, to what i believe you call the bridge...
इसे लें to liberty island किसका मुझे विश्वास है आप पुल कहते हैं...

and by the time i had spent half an hour talking about play
और by the time मैंने बातचीत करते हुए आधा घंटा बिताया था about play

this some kind of glitch in the machine?
यह किसी प्रकार का है गड़बड़ी का in the machine ?

i see them.
मैं उन्हें देख रहा हूं ।

bathroom. kitchen. fish.
स्नानघर । रसोईघर । मछली ।

participating in the 3legged race with the homeroom teacher doesn't look nice.
इसमें भाग लेने वाले तीन टांगों वाली दौड़ में with the homeroom teacher does n't look nice .

very grownup.
बहुत वयस्क.

bring me the first branch your shoulder brushes on your journey.
bring me the first branch your shoulder brushes आपकी यात्रा पर.

throw him in isolation. access granted.
उसे फेंक दो एकांत में । पहुँच दी गई ।

it is no one's fault.
यह किसी की गलती नहीं है .

what is it?
क्या है यह ?

jacques is your lover?
क्या जैक्स आपका प्रेमी है?

that's one of the clichs of fortune telling.
यही है क्लिच का भाग्य बताने का.

