you are back, aren't you, harold?
आप वापस आ गए नहीं हैं आप harold ?


my opponent is shark.
my प्रतिद्वंद्वी शार्क है.


this is one thing in exchange for another.
यह एक बात है in अदला-बदली for another .


yeah, i'm fine.
हाँ मैं ठीक हूँ ।


don't come to the office anymore. don't call me either.
मत आओ to the कार्यालय anymore . do n't call me either .


looks beautiful.
सुंदर दिखता है ।


get him out of here, because i will fucking kill him.
उससे मिलो out of here क्योंकि मैं उसे मार डालूँगा।


you killed him!
तुमने उसे मार डाला!


okay, then who?
ठीक है तो कौन ?


it seems a former employee...
यह एक पूर्व कर्मचारी लगता है...


so where are they?
तो कहाँ हैं वे ?


or i don't know, just...
 मुझें नहीं पता अभी ...


no child should ever have to endure that.
कभी कोई बच्चा नहीं होना चाहिए to endure that .


i know the visual's incongruous, but...
i know the visual 's incongruous  ...


aw!
अरे!


let me show you more detailed ones.
होने देना मैं तुम्हें और अधिक विस्तृत दिखाता हूँ।


you're gonna bring that up right now?
तुम जा रहे हो na bring that up right now ?


well then, when you're done work, come to the medical office.
well then जब आपका काम ख़त्म हो जाए come to the चिकित्सा office .


um...please go ahead and eat without me.
um ... please go ahead और eat without me .


rokka is always forever
रोक्का सदैव सर्वदा है


thank you!
धन्यवाद !


that's a funnylooking dress.
वह एक मज़ेदार दिखने वाली पोशाक है।


the captain asked me to reexamine the dna from the bomb... to see if anyone else might have handled it.
कप्तान ने मुझसे पूछा to reexamine the डीएनए from the बम ... to see if anyone else might have handled it .


if the rest of the book reads as well when you're done
अगर बाकी का of the किताब reads as well when you 're done


more ravishing than ever, big sister.
अधिक आकर्षक than ever big sister .


yes, that's me.
हाँ वह मैं हूं ।


because you and i are gonna be friends for a long time. you might as well know now.
क्योंकि आप and मैं जा रहा हूँ na be दोस्त for a long time . you might as well know now .


and bill talbot's tracker fell off the grid five minutes ago. ...taken by a witness here. we can show you these images now.
 बिल टैलबोट का ट्रैकर गिर गया off the grid five minutes ago . ... taken by a witness here . we can show you these images now .


he's got some blood in his mouth.
उसका कुछ खून निकला है in his मुँह .


asamoto won't last like this!
असामोतो टिकेगा नहीं like this !


storm!
आंधी !


i see... it doesn't look easy to get in...
अच्छा ऐसा है ... यह आसान नहीं लगता to get in ...


and how's that news, exactly, the two of you being in danger, after doing something idiotic?
 कैसे है वह खबर बिल्कुल दो of you being in खतरा after doing something मूर्खतापूर्ण ?


they make it into a creation
वे इसे बनाते हैं into a creation


i'll call you in the morning.
मैं आपको फोन करूँगा in the सुबह .


we pioneered all sorts of new
हमने हर तरह का बीड़ा उठाया of नया


single gunshot victim.
एकल बंदूक की गोली का शिकार.


i don't have anywhere else to go.
मेरे पास और कहीं नहीं है to go .


we have one for you.
हमारे पास एक है for you .


why'd you tell?
क्यों &#39;डी तुम बताओ?


there is no such thing as a curse in this world!
ऐसी कोई चीज नहीं है as a अभिशाप in this दुनिया !


i'm sorry, but i have to ask.
i 'm sorry  मेरे पास है to ask .


any good things to you about this.
कोई भी अच्छी चीज़ to you about this .


now! throw out all the seal tickets!
अब ! सभी सील टिकट बाहर फेंक दो!


and we are paying a cost.
 हम एक कीमत चुका रहे हैं.


i was given an education
मुझे शिक्षा दी गई


i'm starting to feel stupid for agonizing over it.
मैं शुरू कर रहा हूँ to feel मूर्ख for agonizing over it .


with furcifer gone, i can put a cloaking spell on her.
with पोस्तीनसाज़ gone मैं एक आवरण मंत्र डाल सकता हूँ on her .


this way, please!
इस तरह कृपया !


and to the gymnosophist.
 जिमनोसोफिस्ट को.


get out!
चले जाओ !


yeah, he wrote one.
हाँ उन्होंने एक लिखा.


that's the expectation from demographers, going forward.
यही अपेक्षा है from जनसांख्यिक going forward .


you did the right thing.
आपने सही काम किया ।


he's on the run.
वह है on the दौड़ना .


no way! seriously?!
बिलकुल नहीं ! गंभीरता से ? !


no, you can't!
नहीं you ca n't !


yes, sir. listen.
हाँ महोदय । सुनना ।


must have been a really great man.
सचमुच कोई महान व्यक्ति रहा होगा।


warehouse? ah, it's alright. really.
गोदाम ? एएच it 's alright . really .


but if you show your face here again, i will cut you the fuck in half!
 if तुम यहाँ फिर से अपना चेहरा दिखाओ i will cut you the fuck in आधा !


i got coffee.
मुझे कॉफ़ी मिली.


in this mansion?
इस हवेली में?


the town that the bomb forgot.
वह शहर जिसे बम भूल गया।


you got finals, your nyu application is due in what, two weeks?
you got finals आपका न्यु आवेदन देय है in what दो सप्ताह ?


the engines have stopped.
इंजन बंद हो गए हैं.


so i wrote a computer program a bunch of years ago
इसलिए मैंने बहुत सारे कंप्यूटर प्रोग्राम लिखे of साल ago


i want to talk to the 58 patients down here
मुझे चाहिए to talk to the 58 patients down here


i'm better than ok.
मैं बेहतर कर रहा हूँ than ok .


here. hey, pretty stylish.
here . hey काफी स्टाइलिश.


and anyone who can't give me those two things has no place in my life.
 कोई भी जो मुझे ये दो चीजें नहीं दे सकता, उसके लिए कोई जगह नहीं है in my life .


she got a girlfriend who came at a girlfriend's place
उसे एक गर्लफ्रेंड मिल गई कौन आय था at a girlfriend 's जगह


do not act alone.
अकेले कार्य न करें.


i have no idea who you are.
मुझे नहीं पता कौन तुम हो ।


ah, yoshikiyo! why?
ah योशिकियो! क्यों?


that anybody can edit anything, at any time
that कोई भी कुछ भी संपादित कर सकता है at any time


you and
you और


what if that was a message from erica?
what if वह एक संदेश था from erica ?


which are the two primary factors
जो दो प्राथमिक कारक हैं


the unconscious mind does most of the work.
the unconscious मन सबसे ज्यादा करता है of the work .


seems like he was a good man.
seems like वह एक अच्छा आदमी था ।


emma, run!
एम्मा run !


the rate of death is declining.
दर of मौत is declining .


anything i can do, sir?
कुछ भी मैं कर सकता हूं महोदय ?


they look after the engineers working on the darn.
they look after इंजीनियर काम कर रहे हैं on the darn .


i don't want my teeth pulled!
मुझे मेरा नहीं चाहिए दांत खींचे गए!


the mountains of the gods.
पहाड़ों of the भगवान का .


it is this zeele schneider that embodied it most strongly.
यह ज़ीले श्नाइडर है that embodied it most strongly .


see if you can clean him up a little.
देखें कि आप उसे थोड़ा साफ़ कर सकते हैं।


she couldn't stick that four months ago.
वह चार महीने पहले उस पर कायम नहीं रह सकी।


know it well kanji drill
कांजी ड्रिल को अच्छी तरह से जानें


i realized that not one, not one of us
i realized that not one एक नहीं of us


get to the car!
पाना to the कार !


a method to raise the delicious melons.
एक विधि to raise the delicious ख़रबूज़े .


do me a favor and get in the trunk yourself.
मुझ पर एक एहसान करना and get in the तना yourself .


really, of course the famous book dracula
वास्तव में of अवधि the प्रसिद्ध book dracula


i'm the same way.
मैं वैसे ही हूँ.


she dove in.?
वह अंदर चली गई। ?


how did you get naked? what is that!
कैसे किया you get naked ? what is वह !


i don't think so.
मुझे ऐसा नहीं लगता ।


probably at my parents'.
शायद मेरे माता-पिता के यहाँ।


the parents of the three young women raped by brent garvey, for example.
माता - पिता of the three young औरत raped by brent गर्वे for example .


on the back of cereal boxes, board games. any place you use ink
on the back of cereal boxes बोर्ड के खेल जैसे शतरंज सांप सीढ़ी आदि । कोई भी जगह you use ink


no, but ms. thompson will.
नहीं  एमएस । थॉम्पसन करेंगे.


well, turk did the republic arrive with my spice?
कुंआ तुर्क ने किया गणतंत्र आ गया with my spice ?


say that and move forward.
say that और move forward .


husehld f my peples, bth at hme and verseas.
मेरे लोगों को चुप कराओ बी.टी.एच at hme और वर्सीज़।


i cannot be a swindler unless i can read people's mind.
जब तक मैं ठग नहीं बन सकता मैं लोगों का मन पढ़ सकता हूं.


she spent 15 years with the u.n.
उसने 15 साल बिताए with the u.n .


he didn't tell you?
उसने तुम्हें नहीं बताया?


i've heard that too.
मैंने भी ऐसा सुना है.


why not leave him alone?
उसे अकेला क्यों नहीं छोड़ देते?


i am.
मैं हूँ ।


i see.
अच्छा ऐसा है ।


i think she should have been with that man.
मुझे लगता है उसे होना चाहिए था with that आदमी .


it is now anybody with access to a $1,500 computer
यह अब कोई भी है with access to a $ 1,500 कंप्यूटर


now then... what should i do?
अब तो... क्या करना चाहिए मैं करता हूं ?


hey, shin'ichi...!
अरे शिनिचि...!


we have something stronger than the five senses
हमारे पास कुछ मजबूत है than the five इन्द्रियों


they used that to get back on another boat.
उन्होंने उसका उपयोग किया to get back on another नाव .


it's a sonata.
यह एक सोनाटा है.


walter's full of surprises today.
वाल्टर भरा हुआ है of surprises today .


leave it to me!
इसे छोड़ो to me !


and i'll show you that in real time now
 मैं तुम्हें वह दिखाऊंगा in असली time now


you ever hear of avoidance behavior?
तुमने कभी सुना of avoidance व्यवहार ?


our entire lives revolve around aoi.
our entire जीवन घूमता है around aoi .


hey, let's go.
अरे let जाना है .


and perhaps saved nike.
 perhaps saved nike .


ready, barry? over the top.
तैयार barry ? over the top .


according to his brother, eugene was a very bright man.
according to his भाई यूजीन बहुत प्रतिभाशाली व्यक्ति थे।


where did you find that?
जहाँ किया you find that ?


the question is why?
सवाल यह है कि क्यों?


instinct.
स्वाभाविक प्रवृत्ति ।


well, there's always something we can do.
कुंआ वहाँ हमेशा कुछ न कुछ होता है we can do .


a fast talker.
तेज़ बात करने वाला.


michika, we're not talking about that now.
मिचिका हम बात नहीं कर रहे हैं about that now .


ok. mount!
ठीक है । माउंट!


yes, please. thank you.
हाँ please . thank you .


i have a gift.
मेरे पास एक उपहार है.


i decided to join the ngo
मैंने फैसला किया है to join the ngo


i'm getting there.
मैं वहाँ पहुँच रहा हूँ ।


that's right. so, you can either walk out of here...
यह सही है । इसलिए आप या तो चल सकते हैं out of here ...


i want to go play outside too.
मुझे चाहिए to go play outside too .


i chilled.
मैंने ठंडा किया.


i will do it.
मैं यह करूंगा ।


hello.
नमस्ते ।


with various equipment, cameras and microphones
with various equipment कैमरा और microphones


great person.
बढ़िया आदमी ।


our pilot.
हमारा पायलट.


are the people ready to proceed?
हैं लोग तैयार to proceed ?


my father told me a story
मेरा पिताजी ने मुझे एक कहानी सुनाई


i wonder what we are using our sword for .
मुझे आश्चर्य है कि यह क्या हम अपनी तलवार का उपयोग कर रहे हैं for .


i think it gives you one.
मुझे लगता है यह आपको एक देता है.


whwhat is this?!
यह क्या है? !


for visitors and humans.
for visitors और मनुष्य.


that can't be right.
वह सही नहीं हो सकता.


cut it out. i want to stay here.
इसे काट दें । मुझे चाहिए to stay here .


but i can't do that.
 मैं ऐसा नहीं कर सकता.


killing crows in their castle is tough.
कौवे को मारना in their किला is कठिन .


you, this dimwit!
आप यह मूर्ख!


can't be, huh?
नहीं हो सकता huh ?


alright, good.
ठीक good .


what the hell is going on?
क्या the hell is going on ?


it's my happy place.
यह मेरी ख़ुशहाल जगह है.


look what you've done.
देखो क्या तुमने किया है ।


something radically different.
कुछ मौलिक रूप से भिन्न।


all my months of planning, every move i've made.
all my months of योजना हर चाल मैने बनाया है ।


rita.
रीता.


now, i have to do this, the rest of the thing, like this.
अब मेरे पास है to do this the rest of the thing like this .


look. isabel kronenberger is showing here on saturday.
देखना । इसाबेल kronenberger is showing here on saturday .


that she asked the man kurosawa to do this.
that उसने उस आदमी कुरोसावा से पूछा to do this .


i think we're done here.
मुझे लगता है कि हमारा काम यहीं पूरा हो गया है।


fellow delegates.
साथी प्रतिनिधि.


again, relaxed?
again आराम से?


you promise me you're coming back!
आपने मुझसे वादा किया है you 're coming back !


i mean, i hope so.
i mean ऐसा ही हो ।


look. if i had a penis, i'd try it.
look . if मेरे पास एक लिंग था मैं इसे आज़माऊंगा .


all this is the cemetery.
all यह कब्रिस्तान है.


no, i'm not. it was a prank, dale.
नहीं मैं नहीं हूँ । यह एक शरारत थी डेल.


our target audience, it's not just the producers of terrorism
हमारे लक्षित दर्शक यह सिर्फ निर्माता नहीं हैं of आतंक


i didn't know what to do.
मुझे नहीं पता था क्या to do .


what? what's okay?
क्या ? what 's okay ?


even when i change my clothes, i have to blindfold myself!
even when मैं अपने कपड़े बदल लूँ मेरे पास है to blindfold myself !


here...
यहाँ ...


i'm the one who was totally in the wrong.
मैं एक हूं जो पूरी तरह से था in the wrong .


i don't need this shit.
मुझे इस चीज़ की ज़रूरत नहीं है।


i i wonder...
मैं मैं आश्चर्यचकित हूं ...


but we have padding, and fantastic shockabsorbing things like sorbothane
 we have padding  शानदार शॉकएब्जॉर्बिंग चीजें like sorbothane


hey, doctor..
अरे चिकित्सक ..


still has much primitive wildlife due to its complex geography and harsh natural environment that are unsuitable for living in.
still has much primitive wildlife due to its जटिल geography and कठोर प्राकृतिक वातावरण जो अनुपयुक्त हैं for living in .


what did i tell you about knocking?
क्या किया मैं आपको बताता हूँ about knocking ?


he is mariya kyosuke.
he is mariya kyosuke .


and the sketch miyukisan drew.
 the sketch miyukisan drew .


that's actually probably the most important thing to anyone who's religious
यह वास्तव में संभवतः सबसे महत्वपूर्ण बात है to anyone who 's धार्मिक


go on.
जारी रखें ।


well, at least you didn't say i was agent 46.
well at least तुमने कहा नहीं मैं एजेंट 46 था।


they got an alien k9 unit we're not aware of?
उन्हें एक एलियन k9 यूनिट मिली हम जागरूक नहीं हैं of ?


okay, message received, young fella. you won't get no pushback from me.
okay message received युवा मित्र. you wo n't get no pushback from me .


in this prison
इस जेल में


no. ground it.
नहीं . ground it .


you think?
आपको लगता है ?


forgive me, monsieur gustave. i never meant to betray you.
क्षमा चाहता हूँ monsieur gustave . i never meant to betray you .


we also have been serving you with our bones broken
हम भी आपकी सेवा करते रहे हैं with our हड्डियाँ broken


transformative act.
परिवर्तनकारी कृत्य.


blow something up, take someone out.
कुछ उड़ा देना take someone out .


and so, on the left, we were seeing 100,000 polygons.
 इसलिए on the left हम 100,000 बहुभुज देख रहे थे।


everything in my room was shaking
सब कुछ in my कमरा was shaking


now what... what is that noise?
अब क्या...क्या है वह आवाज ?


still a great night under the stars.
अभी भी एक अच्छी रात है under the stars .


eden, i need a med unit at the 49th junction.
eden मुझे एक मेड यूनिट की जरूरत है at the 49th संगम .


you knew that already.
तुम्हें यह पहले से ही पता था.


and are responsible for much of whats gone on on our planet.
 जिम्मेदार हैं for much of what s gone on on our planet .


perhaps if you had your husband call me.
शायद अगर आपके पास आपका था husband call me .


i've become rather concerned about
मैं काफी चिंतित हो गया हूँ about


fuck, come on.
लानत है चलो भी ।


increasing evidence is that being bilingual
की बढ़ती इसका प्रमाण यह है कि द्विभाषी होना


bigg bunny is never gonna find the aurelia without me.
bigg बन्नी कभी गॉन नहीं है na find the औरेलिया without me .


hey third generation is serious at that age.
अरे तीसरे पीढ़ी गंभीर है at that आयु .


i worked really, really hard to distribute it everywhere in brazil.
मैंने वास्तव में काम किया सच में सख्त to distribute it everywhere in brazil .


never a dull moment with you guys.
एक उदास क्षण कभी नहीं with you guys .


now the problem with this model of censorship
अब समस्या with this model of censorship


come on, people, let's get to it
come on people होने देना 's get to it


give me the phone.
उझे फोन दो ।


don't what me!
वह मत करो जो मैं कर रहा हूँ!


i special summon fallen cone!
मैं गिरे हुए शंकु को विशेष रूप से बुलाता हूँ!


i'm tired. later.
मैं थक गया हूं । बाद में ।


he's unexpectedly serious.
वह अप्रत्याशित रूप से गंभीर है .


and the bank where elaine works.
 the bank where elaine works .


krull the warrior king.
योद्धा राजा क्रुल.


tbl: can you say now?
टीबीएल: कर सकते हैं अब आप कहते हैं?


can you stop 'em from harming him?
can आप उन्हें रोकें from harming him ?


she's very beautiful.
वह बहुत सुंदर है ।


excuse me, excuse me.
excuse me माफ़ करें ।


when you arrived at the golf course.
कब आपका आगमन at the golf अवधि .


oh we meet two days in a row.
ओह we meet two days in a row .


is it a bird, is it a plane?
है यह एक पक्षी है है यह एक विमान है?


i need to disappear.
मुझे ज़रूरत है to disappear .


cut the chatter, ahsoka.
बकवास बंद करो अशोक.


detonation in 2 minutes, 30 seconds, mark.
detonation in 2 minutes 30 सेकंड mark .


being fresh like the fresh prince
ताज़ा होना like the ताजा prince


do you know my sister? yes.
करना तुम मेरी बहन को जानते हो? हाँ ।


did the marriage meeting actually go well? it did.
did the marriage meeting actually go well ? ऐसा किया था ।


adam galloway's coming down from new york.
एडम गैलोवे नीचे आ रहा है from new york .


set of stomach organs
तय करना of पेट organs


that this is a problem, but we've had to suffer fake fixes.
वह यह एक समस्या है  we 've had to suffer fake fixes .


i'm taking care of her, not you.
i 'm taking care of her आप नहीं ।


until you're able to recognize me clearly.
जब तक you 're able to recognize me clearly .


gunpowder, treason and plot!
बारूद राज-द्रोह और plot !


i would like to grant it if it is mr. mikage's wishes
मैं चाहूंगा to grant it if it is mr . mikage 's wishes


but why won't he say anything when he almost messed up the important event?
 why wo n't वह जब कुछ भी कहता है he almost messed up the important event ?


here's something good.
यहाँ है something good .


indeed, if shiranami returns to the village, we could...
वास्तव में अगर शिरानामी लौटता है to the गाँव हम ...


i can not imagine myself like that i guess i am accustomed to one person
मैं खुद की कल्पना नहीं कर सकता like that i guess i am accustomed to one व्यक्ति


please let me eat it.
please let मैं इसे खाऊंगा.


the first is cyanobacteria.
पहला है सायनोबैक्टीरिया।


my new idea is we could go a little bit out of the way and spend the night in vegas and still break the trip up, for the most part, but also have, like, one more day of...
मेरी नई विचार है we could go a little bit out of the way और रात बिताना in vegas और still break the trip up for the अधिकांश भाग  भी है पसंद एक और दिन of ...


there's plot holes.
वहाँ कथानक में छेद हैं।


they want to know how much exercise your dog is getting.
वे चाहते हैं to know how अधिकता exercise your dog is getting .


probably not. probably.
शायद नहीं । शायद ।


thank you, everyone.
धन्यवाद everyone .


that's good.
अच्छी बात है ।


the project's completed, right?
प्रोजेक्ट पूरा हो गया है right ?


brought it to s.h.i.e.l.d.'s attention.
यह लाया to s.h.i.e.l.d . 's ध्यान .


i really don't know.
मैं सचमुच नहीं जानता.


chuck.
चक.


but maybe caputo will let you make a call later.
 शायद caputo will let आप बाद में कॉल करें.


not on my watch, pal.
मेरी घड़ी पर नहीं है दोस्त.


why would he do that?
यह क्यों वह ऐसा करता है?


what! what!
क्या ! क्या !


thirtytwo.
बत्तीस ।


where's the boy... the one that lives here?
कहाँ है? the boy ... the one वह यहाँ रहता है?


you do...
आप कर ...


everybody, hold on for one minute.
हर कोई पकड़ना for one मिनट .


we were farmers and they slaughtered us.
we were farmers और उन्होंने हमारा वध कर दिया।


i want to get to the truth of this.
मुझे चाहिए to get to the truth of this .


this was actually just taken last year.
यह वास्तव में पिछले वर्ष ही लिया गया था।


well, then you'll just have to finish what anne marie started.
कुंआ then आपके पास बस होगा to finish what anne marie started .


but still gayla went on, and finally she succeeded
 फिर भी गेला चलता रहा  अंत में she succeeded


i can't move right now because i'm doing something really important.
मैं अभी हिल नहीं सकता क्योंकि मैं सचमुच कुछ महत्वपूर्ण काम कर रहा हूं।


we'll never make it under an hour.
हम इसे कभी नहीं बनाएंगे under an घंटा .


it's 7cfi06x.
यह 7cfi06x है।


where you work, where you play.
कहाँ you work कहाँ आप खेलिए ।


what? just don't follow me around all night, okay?
what ? just do n't follow me around all night ठीक है ?


do you realise, you got laid of because of restructuring just like your father?
करना you realise you got laid of because of पुनर्गठन just like your पिता ?


then anna gets her hands on a message that means nothing to her.
then अन्ना को उसका हाथ मिल गया on a message that means nothing to her .


now my handkerchief too
अब मेरा रूमाल भी


well?
कुंआ ?


alec, i've got prints with no id.
alec मुझे प्रिंट मिल गए हैं with no i डी।


is that, because they're mainly looking
is that क्योंकि they 're mainly looking


the thing about perfection is that it's unknowable.
बात about perfection is that it 's अज्ञात .


onetoamillion costbenefit ratio.
एक से दस लाख लागत लाभ अनुपात।


where's the bomb?
where 's बम ?


agent dunham, take a look at this.
प्रतिनिधि dunham नज़र रखना at this .


you know how the puzzle works. get us out!
तुम्हे पता है कैसै the puzzle works . get us out !


where did you find him?
where did तुमने उसे ढूंढ लिया?


thanks, smokey.
धन्यवाद smokey .


than what people pay now
तो क्या लोग अब भुगतान करते हैं


however, even so...
तथापि फिर भी ...


hey, timmy, did you know jack who worked here? mmhmm. what can you tell me about him?
अरे टिम्मी did you know jack who worked here ? mmhmm . what can you tell me about him ?


they said she has our patient registration card.
उन्होंने कहा उसके पास हमारा रोगी पंजीकरण कार्ड है।


my injury is my fault. i'm not so weak that i have to be protected by you!
my injury is my fault . मैं इतना कमजोर नहीं हूं मेरे पास है to be protected by you !


attaboy, tom. you're active!
अटाबॉय tom . आप सक्रिय हैं!


that's my son. bobby pena.
वह मेरा बेटा है । बॉबी पेना.


yes, i was told about that.
हाँ i was told about that .


gate opening!
गेट खोलना!


wow, todd's money seems to be funding our investigation.
बहुत खूब टॉड का पैसा लगता है to be funding our जाँच पड़ताल .


you know anything ? can you help me ?
तुम्हें कुछ पता है? कर सकना you help me ?


that's not possible, if that is the case
यह संभव नहीं है अगर यही मामला है


of women and men
of women और men


you know that it is your heart.
you know that यह आपका दिल है.


i can't disclose patient information.
मैं मरीज़ की जानकारी का खुलासा नहीं कर सकता।


saoirse, get down.
सेओइर्स नीचे उतरो ।


we stroll out, slow and steady. just like we belong.
we stroll out धीमा और नियमित । ठीक वैसा हम हैं ।


isn't there a better way?
क्या कोई बेहतर तरीका नहीं है?


and meanwhile, we'll take our little threemonthold baby
 इस दौरान we 'll take our little threemonthold baby


am i remembering...
पूर्वाह्न मुझे याद आ रहा है...


ok. it's not looking great, but we will get through this, lissa, we always do.
ठीक है । यह बहुत अच्छा नहीं लग रहा है  हमें मिल जाएगा through this लिसा हम हमेशा करते हैं.


can you find a unifying language that cuts across age
कर सकना आपको एक एकीकृत भाषा मिलती है जो काटता है across आयु


would you please tell ?
चाहेंगे आप कृपया बताएं?


what's real and what's an advertisement.
असली क्या है और विज्ञापन क्या है.


shared housing.
साझा आवास.


it was built, and they came.
यह बना था  वे आए ।


she could hurt somebody.
वह किसी को चोट पहुंचा सकती है।


well, because i just wanna leave my family a message real quick. if i could.
कुंआ because i just wanna leave my family a message real quick . if i could .


it would scare him straight.
यह उसे सीधे डरा देगा।


i understand that and i totally respect you.
i understand that और i totally respect you .


i'm sorry, it's just...
मुझे माफ़ करें यह सिर्फ ...


ashes to ashes...
राख to ashes ...


look, i'm sorry if i made you angry.
देखना i 'm sorry if मैंने बनाया आप नाराज हो ।


to a new age of symbiosis between our bodies
एक नए युग के लिए of सिम्बायोसिस between our निकायों


this is my resolve!
यह मेरा संकल्प है!


the only problem with that scenario
एकमात्र समस्या with that परिदृश्य


he has to live.
उसके पास है to live .


what the ipod is to the 8track
क्या the ipod is to the 8track


i'm serious.
मैं गंभीर हूं ।


video games.
वीडियो गेम ।


congratulations to all of you.
बधाई हो to all of you .


google the word 'israel.'
&#39;इज़राइल&#39; शब्द गूगल पर खोजें। &#39;


how did you find them?
कैसे किया आप उन्हें ढूंढते हैं?


i'm transfusing, but i would like to see a professional doctor
मैं ट्रांसफ़्यूज़ कर रहा हूँ  मैं चाहूंगा to see a पेशेवर doctor


so this makes her the class representative, huh?
so यह बनाता है her the class representative हुह?


i'm going to see to it that not a
मैं जा रहा हूं to see to it that not a


we can take decisive steps to preserve our democratic institutions
हम निर्णायक कदम उठा सकते हैं to preserve our democratic संस्थान


somebody's circumcised. okay. listen.
किसी का खतना हुआ है . ठीक है । सुनना ।


must've encountered various failures and tough times too.
विभिन्न विफलताओं का सामना करना पड़ा होगा और कठिन समय भी.


i've already met four people
मैं पहले ही चार लोगों से मिल चुका हूं


yeah, that's pretty good. can you put some rocks in it?
yeah वह बहुत बढिया है । कर सकना आप कुछ पत्थर रख दीजिए in it ?


please give me your hand.
कृपया मुझे अपना हाथ दो।


i mean, don't you remember your birthday party when you were a little girl?
i mean do n't आपको अपनी जन्मदिन की पार्टी कब याद आती है you were a little girl ?


out the door! both of you, march!
दरवाज़ें से बाहर ! दोनों of you मार्च !


and he can't do.
 वह नहीं कर सकता.


how little science knows, about building it.
कितना कम science knows about building it .


what about the color?
रंग के बारे में क्या?


henry, just go! go!
हेनरी बस जाओ ! जाना !


you have very tiny hands.
आपके बहुत छोटे हाथ हैं.


this is on the way home.
यह है on the way home .


because we don't get agerelated diseases until we're in middle age
क्योंकि जब तक हमें उम्र संबंधी बीमारियाँ नहीं होतीं we 're in मध्य age


i'm coming to get you.
मेँ आ रहा हूँ to get you .


as in alcohol.
जैसा in शराब .


they didn't get them, they were really angry.
वे उन्हें नहीं मिले वे सचमुच क्रोधित थे।


stands for work hard?
खड़ा for work hard ?


l already ate. stopped at a steakhouse on the way.
मैं पहले ही खा चुका हूं। रोका हुआ at a स्टेक हाउस on the way .


and i gave her an assignment last summer to go around
 पिछली गर्मियों में मैंने उसे एक असाइनमेंट दिया था to go around


kali at your own private table.
समय at your own निजी table .


because it's painful to know.
क्योंकि यह पीड़ादायक है to know .


yeah, lick my twat.
हाँ मेरी योनि चाटो.


you destroyed me, mr. anderson.
तुमने मुझे नष्ट कर दिया श्री । एंडरसन.


we shouldn't even be here.
हमें यहां होना ही नहीं चाहिए.


i'll text you the address.
मैं तुम्हें पता लिख दूँगा।


that's all that made it through
बस इतना ही जिसने इसे बनाया through


while it's important to know your enemy's weakness, it's just as important to know your own.
जबकि यह महत्वपूर्ण है to know your दुश्मन 's कमजोरी यह उतना ही महत्वपूर्ण है to know your own .


no, kyle! open the fucking door!
नहीं काइल ! बकवास दरवाजा खोलो!


creating the life narrative that we inherited.
जीवन आख्यान का निर्माण करना हमें विरासत में मिला.


what does the right paw indicate?
अधिकार क्या करता है पंजा इंगित करता है?


there's no other way.
कोई अन्य रास्ता नहीं है ।


this is really good!
यह सचमुच अच्छा है !


in which women and children
in which women और children


what was misaka san 's story?
मिसाका सान क्या था कहानी ?


got to have a reason for that.
प्राप्त to have a कारण for that .


he's about to talk.
वह के बारे में है to talk .


thank you for having time for me!
धन्यवाद for having समय for me !


you pretend like love doesn't matter to you, when the truth is it's all you ever think about.
आपने दिखावा करते हैं like प्यार does n't matter to you कब सच तो यह है यह सब है आप कभी सोचिये about .


ah, yes...
ah हाँ ...


since i'm the older brother, i don't want to disturb him.
तब से मैं बड़ा भाई हूं मैं नहीं चाहता to disturb him .


do you know where you're gonna go?
करना आप जानते हो कि कहां तुम जा रहे हो na go ?


wonderful!
आश्चर्यजनक !


there's blood evidence on the fuse you found
खून के सबूत हैं on the फ्यूज you found


it is...
यह है ...


well, that could be bullshit. one threw it out, and the other one picked up on it.
well वह बकवास हो सकता है. एक ने उसे बाहर फेंक दिया  the other one picked up on it .


but it's not like we didn't gain anything.
 यह ऐसा नहीं है हमें कुछ हासिल नहीं हुआ.


well, you can tell olive that no one found us.
well you can tell olive that हमें कोई नहीं मिला.


hank, how much money is that?
अटेरना कितना पैसा वह है?


but audacious is what has happened many times before in history.
 दुस्साहसी है जो पहले भी कई बार हो चुका है in history .


that's why i wanna tell him how sincerely sorry i am.
इसीलिए i wanna tell him how sincerely sorry मैं हूँ ।


before we do that, seike went to persuade him to surrender.
पहले हम ऐसा करते हैं सेइक चला गया to persuade him to surrender .


man, we're getting too old for this shit.
man हम बहुत बूढ़े हो रहे हैं for this मल .


an energetic reaction
एक ऊर्जावान प्रतिक्रिया


don't call me. i'll call you.
मुझे मत बुलाओ. i 'll call you .


what choice?
क्या विकल्प?


she pretended to trip and kicked me a few times.
उसने नाटक किया to trip और मुझे कई बार लात मारी.


well then ... ghost! go fast, but ....
अच्छा तो... भूत! जल्दी जाओ  ....


scrapmetal scarecrow!
स्क्रैपमेटल बिजूका!


for tutsi refugees in congo.
तुत्सी शरणार्थियों के लिए in congo .


but there isn't.
 वहाँ नहीं है.


the only way to save the earth was for you to come here.
केवल way to save the earth was for you to come here .


no outsider has ever been where you are. that makes you the first.
no outsider has ever been where तुम हो । that makes आप पहले .


don't worry about stuff like that!
चिंता मत करो about सामग्री like that !


we're the same!
हम एक ही हैं !


louis. what are you doing here?
लुईस. क्या हैं तुम यहाँ कर रहे हो?


why does he need witnesses?
क्यों करता है he need witnesses ?


i'm not sick. i love you. i did it for you.
i 'm not sick . i love you . मैने यह तुमहारे लिये किया ।


i've been busy so i spent the night here.
मैं बहुत व्यस्त हूं i spent the night here .


so what brings
इसलिए what brings


i tell him about everything.
मैं उसे बताऊंगा about everything .


evading your tail will only make things worse.
evading your tail will only make हालात बदतर.


shikamaru: sakura is not far away.
शिकमारु : sakura is not far away .


they've seen evie!
उन्होंने ईवी को देखा है!


too soon to say.
बहुत जल्दी to say .


was that so...
था that so ...


i would link to my particular flight, my particular seat.
मैं लिंक करूंगा to my विशिष्ट flight मेरी विशेष सीट.


so in other words?
तो दूसरे शब्दों में?


even be here anymore.
अब भी यहीं रहो.


that was a bad sunburn.
वह बुरी धूप की कालिमा थी।


so cheer up.
तो खुश हो जाओ.


over parts of wasagee county.
भागों के ऊपर of wasagee county .


what about you?
आप कैसे हैं ?


he bring words from the people who live that way.
वह शब्द लाता है from the people who live that way .


the head trauma that put him in surgery three years ago could've triggered an early onset.
प्रधान trauma जिसने उसे डाल दिया in surgery three years ago could 've triggered an early onset .


and how long has it been going on? and what does it mean?
 कितना समय यह चल रहा है? और what does इसका मतलब ?


okay. yeah.
ठीक है । हाँ ।


i realize you're confused.
मुझे एहसास है आप भ्रमित हैं .


i need to earn a lot of money to succeed in life.
मुझे ज़रूरत है to earn a lot of धन to succeed in ज़िंदगी .


we had a daughter, and now we'r e getting a son!
हमारी एक बेटी थी  अब हमें एक बेटा होने वाला है!


i believe that yunboroid to be the .product of advanced technology.
मेरा मानना है कि yunboroid to be the ।उत्पाद of advanced technology .


and what were the patients doing?
 what were मरीज़ क्या कर रहे हैं?


but manmade disasters
 मानव निर्मित आपदाएँ


now you see again, this person has rejected
अब आप फिर से देखिये this person has rejected


is exaggerated, overstated, it's not urgent
अतिरंजित है अतिरंजित यह अत्यावश्यक नहीं है


what are you doing?
क्या हैं आप कर रहे हैं ?


should i just end it now?!
should मैं इसे अभी ख़त्म करता हूँ? !


she just begged me to come have a sitdown with you.
उसने बस मुझसे विनती की to come have a sitdown with you .


like who's selling the ecstasy, for starters.
पसंद परमानंद कौन बेच रहा है? for शुरुआत .


could have been a smaller faction just looking for some ransom money.
देखने भर से यह एक छोटा गुट हो सकता था for some फिरौती money .


but you will let me exterminate the termites
 you will let me exterminate the termites


preventing real online threats
वास्तविक ऑनलाइन खतरों को रोकना


as am i, princess. as am i.
जैसे मैं हूँ मैं princess . as am मैं।


i'm not envious of her at all...
मैं ईर्ष्यालु नहीं हूं of her at all ...


the plan is we wait till...
योजना है हम इंतजार करेंगे till ...


in the end everyone had been worried about you!
